pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:xml/network_security_config = 0x7f130002
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:xml/data_extraction_rules = 0x7f130001
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:xml/backup_rules = 0x7f130000
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:styleable/ViewStubCompat = 0x7f120096
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:styleable/ViewBackgroundHelper = 0x7f120094
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:styleable/Variant = 0x7f120092
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:styleable/Transform = 0x7f120090
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:styleable/Tooltip = 0x7f12008f
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:styleable/ThemeEnforcement = 0x7f12008d
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:styleable/TextAppearance = 0x7f120089
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:styleable/TabItem = 0x7f120087
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:styleable/SwitchMaterial = 0x7f120086
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:styleable/StateListDrawableItem = 0x7f120083
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:styleable/State = 0x7f120081
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:styleable/Spinner = 0x7f120080
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:styleable/Slider = 0x7f12007d
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:styleable/SearchBar = 0x7f120078
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:styleable/ScrollingViewBehavior_Layout = 0x7f120077
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:styleable/RecyclerView = 0x7f120075
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:styleable/PopupWindowBackgroundState = 0x7f120070
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:styleable/PopupWindow = 0x7f12006f
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:styleable/OnSwipe = 0x7f12006e
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:styleable/NavigationBarView = 0x7f12006a
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:styleable/MotionTelltales = 0x7f120068
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:styleable/MotionScene = 0x7f120067
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:styleable/MotionHelper = 0x7f120064
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:styleable/Motion = 0x7f120062
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:styleable/MenuView = 0x7f120060
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:styleable/MenuItem = 0x7f12005f
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:styleable/MaterialTimePicker = 0x7f12005c
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:styleable/MaterialCardView = 0x7f120053
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:styleable/MaterialCalendarItem = 0x7f120052
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:styleable/MaterialCalendar = 0x7f120051
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:styleable/MaterialButton = 0x7f12004f
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:styleable/MaterialAlertDialogTheme = 0x7f12004d
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:styleable/MaterialAlertDialog = 0x7f12004c
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:styleable/LinearProgressIndicator = 0x7f12004a
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:styleable/LinearLayoutCompat = 0x7f120048
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:styleable/Layout = 0x7f120047
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:styleable/KeyTrigger = 0x7f120046
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:styleable/KeyPosition = 0x7f120044
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:styleable/KeyCycle = 0x7f120040
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:styleable/KeyAttribute = 0x7f12003f
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:styleable/Insets = 0x7f12003e
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:styleable/FragmentContainerView = 0x7f12003a
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:styleable/Fragment = 0x7f120039
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:styleable/FontFamily = 0x7f120036
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:styleable/FloatingActionButton_Behavior_Layout = 0x7f120034
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:styleable/CustomAttribute = 0x7f12002e
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:styleable/CoordinatorLayout_Layout = 0x7f12002d
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:styleable/ConstraintOverride = 0x7f12002a
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:styleable/ConstraintLayout_placeholder = 0x7f120029
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:styleable/ChipGroup = 0x7f12001e
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:styleable/Carousel = 0x7f12001b
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:styleable/Capability = 0x7f120019
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:styleable/ButtonBarLayout = 0x7f120018
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:styleable/BottomSheetBehavior_Layout = 0x7f120017
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:styleable/Badge = 0x7f120013
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:styleable/AppCompatTheme = 0x7f120012
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:styleable/AppCompatTextView = 0x7f120011
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:styleable/AppCompatTextHelper = 0x7f120010
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:styleable/AnimatedStateListDrawableItem = 0x7f120008
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:styleable/ActionMode = 0x7f120004
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:styleable/ActionMenuItemView = 0x7f120002
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:styleable/ActionBar = 0x7f120000
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.Support.CoordinatorLayout = 0x7f11045c
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.Toolbar.Surface = 0x7f11045a
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.Toolbar.Primary = 0x7f110458
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.TimePicker.ImageButton.ShapeAppearance = 0x7f110456
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.TimePicker.ImageButton = 0x7f110455
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.TimePicker.Display.TextInputEditText = 0x7f110453
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.TimePicker.Display.HelperText = 0x7f110452
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.TimePicker.Display = 0x7f110450
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.TimePicker = 0x7f11044d
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.TextView = 0x7f11044c
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.TextInputLayout.OutlinedBox.ExposedDropdownMenu = 0x7f11044b
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.TextInputLayout.OutlinedBox.Dense.ExposedDropdownMenu = 0x7f11044a
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.TextInputLayout.OutlinedBox.Dense = 0x7f110449
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.TextInputLayout.FilledBox.Dense = 0x7f110445
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.TextInputEditText.FilledBox.Dense = 0x7f110441
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.TextInputEditText.FilledBox = 0x7f110440
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.TabLayout.Colored = 0x7f11043e
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.Snackbar.TextView = 0x7f11043c
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.Snackbar = 0x7f11043a
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.PopupMenu.Overflow = 0x7f110436
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.NavigationView = 0x7f110432
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.NavigationRailView.Compact = 0x7f110430
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.NavigationRailView.Colored.Compact = 0x7f11042f
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.NavigationRailView = 0x7f11042d
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.MaterialCalendar.YearNavigationButton = 0x7f11042b
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.MaterialCalendar.Year.Today = 0x7f11042a
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.MaterialCalendar.Year.Selected = 0x7f110429
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.MaterialCalendar.Year = 0x7f110428
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.MaterialCalendar.MonthTextView = 0x7f110427
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.MaterialCalendar.Item = 0x7f110425
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.MaterialCalendar.HeaderSelection.Fullscreen = 0x7f110422
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.MaterialCalendar.HeaderSelection = 0x7f110421
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.MaterialCalendar.HeaderDivider = 0x7f11041e
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.MaterialCalendar.HeaderCancelButton = 0x7f11041c
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.MaterialCalendar.Fullscreen = 0x7f11041b
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.MaterialCalendar.Day.Today = 0x7f110418
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.MaterialCalendar.Day.Invalid = 0x7f110416
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.MaterialCalendar = 0x7f110414
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:styleable/TabLayout = 0x7f120088
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.Light.ActionBar.Solid = 0x7f110411
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.ExtendedFloatingActionButton = 0x7f11040e
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.CollapsingToolbar = 0x7f11040a
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.CircularProgressIndicator.Medium = 0x7f110408
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.Chip.Filter = 0x7f110404
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.Chip.Entry = 0x7f110403
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.Chip.Choice = 0x7f110402
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.CardView = 0x7f1103ff
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.Button.UnelevatedButton.Icon = 0x7f1103fe
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.Button.TextButton.Dialog.Icon = 0x7f1103fa
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.Button.TextButton.Dialog.Flush = 0x7f1103f9
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.Button.TextButton.Dialog = 0x7f1103f8
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.Button.Icon = 0x7f1103f4
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.BottomNavigationView.PrimarySurface = 0x7f1103f0
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.BottomNavigationView.Colored = 0x7f1103ef
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.Badge = 0x7f1103ea
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.AutoCompleteTextView.OutlinedBox.Dense = 0x7f1103e9
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:styleable/MotionLabel = 0x7f120065
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.AutoCompleteTextView.FilledBox.Dense = 0x7f1103e7
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.AppBarLayout.PrimarySurface = 0x7f1103e4
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.ActionBar.Surface = 0x7f1103e1
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.ActionBar.Primary = 0x7f1103de
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.Material3.Toolbar.Surface = 0x7f1103dc
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.Material3.Toolbar.OnSurface = 0x7f1103db
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.Material3.Toolbar = 0x7f1103da
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.Material3.TextInputLayout.OutlinedBox.Dense = 0x7f1103d7
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.Material3.TextInputLayout.FilledBox.ExposedDropdownMenu = 0x7f1103d5
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.Material3.TextInputEditText.OutlinedBox = 0x7f1103d0
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.Material3.TextInputEditText.FilledBox.Dense = 0x7f1103cf
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.Material3.TextInputEditText.FilledBox = 0x7f1103ce
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.Material3.TabLayout.OnSurface = 0x7f1103cc
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.Material3.Snackbar.TextView = 0x7f1103ca
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.Material3.Slider = 0x7f1103c6
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.Material3.SideSheet.Modal = 0x7f1103c4
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.Material3.SideSheet.Detached = 0x7f1103c3
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.Material3.SearchBar.Outlined = 0x7f1103be
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.Material3.PopupMenu.ContextMenu = 0x7f1103b8
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.Material3.PopupMenu = 0x7f1103b7
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.Material3.NavigationView = 0x7f1103b6
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.Material3.MaterialTimePicker.Display.TextInputLayout = 0x7f1103b1
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:styleable/FontFamilyFont = 0x7f120037
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.Material3.MaterialTimePicker.Display.TextInputEditText = 0x7f1103b0
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.Material3.MaterialTimePicker.Display.HelperText = 0x7f1103af
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.Material3.MaterialTimePicker.Clock = 0x7f1103ac
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.Material3.MaterialDivider.Heavy = 0x7f1103a9
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.Material3.MaterialCalendar.YearNavigationButton = 0x7f1103a7
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.Material3.MaterialCalendar.Year.Today = 0x7f1103a6
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.Material3.MaterialCalendar.MonthTextView = 0x7f1103a3
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.Material3.MaterialCalendar.Item = 0x7f1103a1
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.Material3.MaterialCalendar.HeaderTitle = 0x7f11039f
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.Material3.TextInputLayout.OutlinedBox.ExposedDropdownMenu = 0x7f1103d9
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.Material3.MaterialCalendar.HeaderSelection = 0x7f11039d
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.Material3.MaterialCalendar.HeaderCancelButton = 0x7f110399
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.Material3.MaterialCalendar = 0x7f110391
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.Material3.LinearProgressIndicator = 0x7f11038f
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.Material3.FloatingActionButton.Secondary = 0x7f110387
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.Material3.FloatingActionButton.Primary = 0x7f110386
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.Material3.FloatingActionButton.Large.Tertiary = 0x7f110385
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.Material3.FloatingActionButton.Large.Secondary = 0x7f110383
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.Material3.ExtendedFloatingActionButton.Secondary = 0x7f11037f
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.Material3.ExtendedFloatingActionButton.Icon.Surface = 0x7f11037c
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.Material3.ExtendedFloatingActionButton.Icon.Secondary = 0x7f11037b
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.Material3.DrawerLayout = 0x7f110379
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.Material3.CompoundButton.RadioButton = 0x7f110377
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.Material3.CollapsingToolbar.Medium = 0x7f110374
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.Material3.CollapsingToolbar = 0x7f110372
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.Material3.ChipGroup = 0x7f11036d
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.Material3.Chip.Suggestion = 0x7f11036b
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.Material3.Chip.Input.Icon.Elevated = 0x7f11036a
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.Material3.Chip.Filter.Elevated = 0x7f110366
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.Material3.Chip.Assist.Elevated = 0x7f110364
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.Material3.CardView.Filled = 0x7f110360
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.Material3.CardView.Elevated = 0x7f11035f
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.Material3.Button.TonalButton.Icon = 0x7f11035d
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.Material3.Button.TonalButton = 0x7f11035c
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.Material3.Button.TextButton.Dialog.Flush = 0x7f110358
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.Material3.Button.TextButton = 0x7f110356
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.Material3.Button.IconButton.Filled.Tonal = 0x7f110352
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.Material3.Button.IconButton = 0x7f110350
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.Material3.Button.Icon = 0x7f11034f
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.Material3.Button.ElevatedButton = 0x7f11034d
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.Material3.BottomSheet.DragHandle = 0x7f11034a
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.Material3.BottomSheet = 0x7f110349
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.Material3.BottomNavigationView = 0x7f110347
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.Material3.BottomAppBar.Legacy = 0x7f110345
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.Material3.BottomAppBar = 0x7f110343
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.Material3.AutoCompleteTextView.FilledBox.Dense = 0x7f11033e
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.Material3.AppBarLayout = 0x7f11033c
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.Material3.ActionMode = 0x7f11033b
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.Material3.ActionBar.Solid = 0x7f11033a
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.Design.TextInputLayout = 0x7f110339
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.Design.TextInputEditText = 0x7f110338
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.Design.TabLayout = 0x7f110337
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.Design.NavigationView = 0x7f110334
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.Design.FloatingActionButton = 0x7f110333
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.Design.CollapsingToolbar = 0x7f110332
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.Design.BottomSheet.Modal = 0x7f110331
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.Design.AppBarLayout = 0x7f11032f
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.Compat.NotificationActionContainer = 0x7f11032d
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.AppCompat.Toolbar.Button.Navigation = 0x7f11032c
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.AppCompat.TextView.SpinnerItem = 0x7f11032a
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.AppCompat.Spinner = 0x7f110325
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.AppCompat.SeekBar = 0x7f110323
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.AppCompat.SearchView.ActionBar = 0x7f110322
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.AppCompat.RatingBar.Indicator = 0x7f11031f
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.AppCompat.PopupMenu.Overflow = 0x7f11031a
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.AppCompat.ListView.Menu = 0x7f110318
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.Material3.SearchView = 0x7f1103bf
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.AppCompat.Light.Spinner.DropDown.ActionBar = 0x7f110313
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.AppCompat.Light.ListPopupWindow = 0x7f11030e
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.AppCompat.Light.DropDownItem.Spinner = 0x7f11030d
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.AppCompat.Light.AutoCompleteTextView = 0x7f11030c
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.AppCompat.Light.ActionMode.Inverse = 0x7f11030a
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.AppCompat.Light.ActionButton.Overflow = 0x7f110309
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.AppCompat.Light.ActionBar.TabView = 0x7f110305
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.AppCompat.Light.ActionBar.TabBar = 0x7f110301
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.AppCompat.ImageButton = 0x7f1102fd
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.AppCompat.EditText = 0x7f1102fc
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.AppCompat.DrawerArrowToggle = 0x7f1102fa
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.AppCompat.CompoundButton.Switch = 0x7f1102f9
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.AppCompat.CompoundButton.RadioButton = 0x7f1102f8
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.AppCompat.Button.Colored = 0x7f1102f3
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.AppCompat.Button.ButtonBar.AlertDialog = 0x7f1102f2
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:styleable/DrawerArrowToggle = 0x7f12002f
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.AppCompat.Button.Borderless.Colored = 0x7f1102f1
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.AppCompat.AutoCompleteTextView = 0x7f1102ee
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.AppCompat.ActivityChooserView = 0x7f1102ed
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.AppCompat.ActionButton.Overflow = 0x7f1102eb
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.AppCompat.ActionButton.CloseMode = 0x7f1102ea
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.AppCompat.ActionBar.TabText = 0x7f1102e7
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.TimePicker.Display.TextInputEditText = 0x7f1102e0
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.TimePicker = 0x7f1102de
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.TextInputEditText.OutlinedBox.Dense = 0x7f1102dd
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.TextInputEditText.FilledBox.Dense = 0x7f1102db
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.MaterialAlertDialog.Picker.Date.Header.Text = 0x7f1102d4
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.MaterialAlertDialog.Picker.Date = 0x7f1102d2
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.Light.Dialog.Alert.Framework = 0x7f1102cf
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.Dark = 0x7f1102c8
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.AutoCompleteTextView.OutlinedBox = 0x7f1102c3
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.AutoCompleteTextView.FilledBox.Dense = 0x7f1102c2
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.Material3.TextInputLayout.FilledBox.Dense.ExposedDropdownMenu = 0x7f1103d4
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.AutoCompleteTextView.FilledBox = 0x7f1102c1
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.ActionBar.Primary = 0x7f1102be
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.ActionBar = 0x7f1102bd
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents = 0x7f1102bc
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.TextInputEditText.OutlinedBox.Dense = 0x7f1102b9
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.TextInputEditText.FilledBox.Dense = 0x7f1102b7
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.TabLayout = 0x7f1102b4
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.SideSheetDialog = 0x7f1102b2
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.PersonalizedColors = 0x7f1102b0
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.NavigationView = 0x7f1102af
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.NavigationRailView = 0x7f1102ae
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.MaterialTimePicker.Display.TextInputEditText = 0x7f1102ad
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.MaterialTimePicker = 0x7f1102ac
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.MaterialCalendar.HeaderCancelButton = 0x7f1102ab
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.AppCompat.Button.Borderless = 0x7f1102f0
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.MaterialCalendar.Fullscreen = 0x7f1102aa
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.MaterialCalendar = 0x7f1102a9
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.HarmonizedColors.Empty = 0x7f1102a4
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.FloatingActionButton.Tertiary = 0x7f1102a2
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.ExtendedFloatingActionButton.Secondary = 0x7f11029c
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.ExtendedFloatingActionButton.Primary = 0x7f11029b
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.DynamicColors.Light = 0x7f11029a
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.Dialog = 0x7f110295
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.DayNight.SideSheetDialog = 0x7f110294
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.DayNight.BottomSheetDialog = 0x7f110293
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.Button.TonalButton = 0x7f11028e
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.Button.IconButton.Filled = 0x7f11028a
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.Button = 0x7f110287
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.BottomSheetDialog = 0x7f110286
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.BottomAppBar.Legacy = 0x7f110284
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.BottomAppBar = 0x7f110283
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.AutoCompleteTextView.OutlinedBox.Dense = 0x7f110282
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.AutoCompleteTextView.OutlinedBox = 0x7f110281
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.AutoCompleteTextView.FilledBox.Dense = 0x7f110280
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.AutoCompleteTextView.FilledBox = 0x7f11027f
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.ActionBar = 0x7f11027d
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3 = 0x7f11027c
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/ThemeOverlay.Design.TextInputEditText = 0x7f11027b
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/ThemeOverlay.AppCompat.Dialog.Alert = 0x7f110279
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/ThemeOverlay.AppCompat.Dialog = 0x7f110278
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/ThemeOverlay.AppCompat.DayNight = 0x7f110276
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:styleable/ClockHandView = 0x7f120021
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/ThemeOverlay.AppCompat = 0x7f110272
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Theme.RecyclerApplication = 0x7f110271
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.NoActionBar = 0x7f11026d
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.DialogWhenLarge = 0x7f11026c
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.Dialog.MinWidth = 0x7f11026a
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.Dialog.FixedSize = 0x7f110268
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.Dialog.Bridge = 0x7f110267
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.Dialog.Alert.Bridge = 0x7f110266
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.DarkActionBar.Bridge = 0x7f110263
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.DarkActionBar = 0x7f110262
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.Bridge = 0x7f110261
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.Dialog.FixedSize = 0x7f11025a
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.Dialog.Bridge = 0x7f110259
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.Dialog.Alert = 0x7f110257
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.DayNight.NoActionBar.Bridge = 0x7f110255
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.DayNight.NoActionBar = 0x7f110254
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:styleable/ActionMenuView = 0x7f120003
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.DayNight.Dialog.FixedSize.Bridge = 0x7f110250
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.DayNight.Dialog.Alert.Bridge = 0x7f11024d
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.DayNight.Dialog = 0x7f11024b
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.DayNight.DarkActionBar.Bridge = 0x7f11024a
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.DayNight.DarkActionBar = 0x7f110249
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.DayNight.Bridge = 0x7f110248
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.DayNight.BottomSheetDialog = 0x7f110247
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.Bridge = 0x7f110244
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.BottomSheetDialog = 0x7f110243
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Theme.MaterialComponents = 0x7f110242
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Theme.Material3.Light.DialogWhenLarge = 0x7f11023f
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Theme.Material3.Light.Dialog.Alert = 0x7f11023d
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Theme.Material3.Light.BottomSheetDialog = 0x7f11023b
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Theme.Material3.Light = 0x7f11023a
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Theme.Material3.DynamicColors.Light = 0x7f110239
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Theme.Material3.DayNight.SideSheetDialog = 0x7f110236
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Theme.Material3.DayNight.NoActionBar = 0x7f110235
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.Dialog.Alert = 0x7f110265
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Theme.Material3.DayNight.DialogWhenLarge = 0x7f110234
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Theme.Material3.DayNight.Dialog.MinWidth = 0x7f110233
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Theme.Material3.DayNight.Dialog.Alert = 0x7f110232
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Theme.Material3.DayNight.BottomSheetDialog = 0x7f110230
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Theme.Material3.Dark.NoActionBar = 0x7f11022d
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Theme.Material3.Dark.Dialog.Alert = 0x7f11022a
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Theme.Design.Light.BottomSheetDialog = 0x7f110224
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Theme.AppCompat.Light.Dialog.MinWidth = 0x7f11021d
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Theme.AppCompat.Light.Dialog = 0x7f11021b
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Theme.AppCompat.Light.DarkActionBar = 0x7f11021a
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Theme.AppCompat.DialogWhenLarge = 0x7f110217
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Theme.AppCompat.Dialog.Alert = 0x7f110215
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Theme.AppCompat.DayNight.NoActionBar = 0x7f110213
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Theme.AppCompat.DayNight.Dialog.MinWidth = 0x7f110211
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Theme.AppCompat.DayNight.DarkActionBar = 0x7f11020e
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/TextAppearance.Widget.AppCompat.ExpandedMenu.Item = 0x7f110208
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/TextAppearance.MaterialComponents.TimePicker.Title = 0x7f110206
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:styleable/MaterialAutoCompleteTextView = 0x7f12004e
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/TextAppearance.MaterialComponents.Subtitle1 = 0x7f110204
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/TextAppearance.MaterialComponents.Overline = 0x7f110203
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/TextAppearance.MaterialComponents.Headline6 = 0x7f110202
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/TextAppearance.MaterialComponents.Headline5 = 0x7f110201
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/TextAppearance.MaterialComponents.Headline4 = 0x7f110200
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/TextAppearance.MaterialComponents.Headline3 = 0x7f1101ff
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/TextAppearance.MaterialComponents.Body2 = 0x7f1101f9
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/TextAppearance.MaterialComponents.Badge = 0x7f1101f7
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.Material3.SideSheet.Modal.Detached = 0x7f1103c5
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/TextAppearance.Material3.TitleLarge = 0x7f1101f4
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/TextAppearance.Material3.SearchBar = 0x7f1101f1
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/TextAppearance.Material3.MaterialTimePicker.Title = 0x7f1101f0
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/TextAppearance.Material3.LabelSmall = 0x7f1101ef
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/TextAppearance.Material3.LabelMedium = 0x7f1101ee
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/TextAppearance.Material3.HeadlineSmall = 0x7f1101ec
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/TextAppearance.Material3.DisplayMedium = 0x7f1101e8
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/TextAppearance.Material3.BodySmall = 0x7f1101e6
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/TextAppearance.Material3.BodyLarge = 0x7f1101e4
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/TextAppearance.Material3.ActionBar.Title = 0x7f1101e3
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/TextAppearance.M3.Sys.Typescale.TitleSmall = 0x7f1101e1
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/TextAppearance.M3.Sys.Typescale.LabelMedium = 0x7f1101dd
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/TextAppearance.M3.Sys.Typescale.LabelLarge = 0x7f1101dc
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/TextAppearance.M3.Sys.Typescale.HeadlineSmall = 0x7f1101db
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.FloatingActionButton.Surface = 0x7f1102a1
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/TextAppearance.M3.Sys.Typescale.HeadlineMedium = 0x7f1101da
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.AppCompat.Toolbar = 0x7f11032b
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/TextAppearance.M3.Sys.Typescale.DisplayMedium = 0x7f1101d7
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/TextAppearance.Design.Tab = 0x7f1101d2
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/TextAppearance.Design.Snackbar.Message = 0x7f1101d0
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/TextAppearance.Design.Hint = 0x7f1101cd
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/TextAppearance.Design.Counter = 0x7f1101c9
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/TextAppearance.Compat.Notification.Line2 = 0x7f1101c5
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/TextAppearance.Compat.Notification = 0x7f1101c3
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.TextView.SpinnerItem = 0x7f1101c2
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.PopupMenu.Header = 0x7f1101be
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.DropDownItem = 0x7f1101bd
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.Button.Inverse = 0x7f1101bc
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.ActionMode.Title.Inverse = 0x7f1101b8
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.ActionMode.Title = 0x7f1101b7
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.ActionMode.Subtitle.Inverse = 0x7f1101b6
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.ActionMode.Subtitle = 0x7f1101b5
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Title.Inverse = 0x7f1101ae
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.Material3.SearchBar = 0x7f1103bd
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Title = 0x7f1101ad
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Subhead.Inverse = 0x7f1101ac
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Small = 0x7f1101a9
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.SearchResult.Title = 0x7f1101a8
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.SearchResult.Subtitle = 0x7f1101a7
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Menu = 0x7f1101a6
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Medium.Inverse = 0x7f1101a5
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Light.Widget.PopupMenu.Small = 0x7f1101a3
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Light.Widget.PopupMenu.Large = 0x7f1101a2
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/TextAppearance.Design.Placeholder = 0x7f1101ce
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Light.SearchResult.Title = 0x7f1101a1
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Display3 = 0x7f11019a
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Display2 = 0x7f110199
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Body2 = 0x7f110195
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/ShapeAppearanceOverlay.MaterialComponents.MaterialCalendar.Year = 0x7f110191
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.Snackbar.FullWidth = 0x7f11043b
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/ShapeAppearanceOverlay.MaterialComponents.MaterialCalendar.Day = 0x7f11018f
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/ShapeAppearanceOverlay.MaterialComponents.ExtendedFloatingActionButton = 0x7f11018d
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/ShapeAppearanceOverlay.MaterialComponents.BottomSheet = 0x7f11018b
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/ShapeAppearanceOverlay.MaterialAlertDialog.Material3 = 0x7f11018a
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/ShapeAppearanceOverlay.Material3.NavigationView.Item = 0x7f110187
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:styleable/TextInputEditText = 0x7f12008b
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/ShapeAppearanceOverlay.Material3.FloatingActionButton = 0x7f110186
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/ShapeAppearanceOverlay.Material3.Corner.Top = 0x7f110185
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/ShapeAppearanceOverlay.Material3.Corner.Right = 0x7f110184
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/ShapeAppearanceOverlay.Material3.Corner.Bottom = 0x7f110182
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/ShapeAppearanceOverlay.Material3.Button = 0x7f110180
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/ShapeAppearance.MaterialComponents.Tooltip = 0x7f11017f
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:styleable/MaterialTextView = 0x7f12005b
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/ShapeAppearance.MaterialComponents.MediumComponent = 0x7f11017d
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/ShapeAppearance.MaterialComponents.LargeComponent = 0x7f11017c
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/ShapeAppearance.MaterialComponents.Badge = 0x7f11017b
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/ShapeAppearance.MaterialComponents = 0x7f11017a
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.TimePicker.Button = 0x7f11044e
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/ShapeAppearance.Material3.Tooltip = 0x7f110179
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/ShapeAppearance.Material3.MediumComponent = 0x7f110176
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/ShapeAppearance.Material3.LargeComponent = 0x7f110175
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/ShapeAppearance.Material3.Corner.Small = 0x7f110174
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/ShapeAppearance.Material3.Corner.None = 0x7f110173
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/ShapeAppearance.Material3.Corner.Large = 0x7f110171
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/ShapeAppearance.Material3.Corner.ExtraSmall = 0x7f11016f
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/ShapeAppearance.Material3.Corner.ExtraLarge = 0x7f11016e
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.Material3.FloatingActionButton.Large.Primary = 0x7f110382
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/ShapeAppearance.M3.Sys.Shape.Corner.Small = 0x7f11016d
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.MaterialCalendar.HeaderTitle = 0x7f110423
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/ShapeAppearance.M3.Sys.Shape.Corner.Medium = 0x7f11016b
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/ShapeAppearance.M3.Sys.Shape.Corner.Large = 0x7f11016a
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/ShapeAppearance.M3.Comp.Switch.Track.Shape = 0x7f110165
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/ShapeAppearance.M3.Comp.Switch.Handle.Shape = 0x7f110163
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/ShapeAppearance.M3.Comp.SearchBar.Avatar.Shape = 0x7f11015f
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.Light = 0x7f1102ce
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/ShapeAppearance.M3.Comp.NavigationDrawer.ActiveIndicator.Shape = 0x7f11015c
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/ShapeAppearance.M3.Comp.NavigationBar.Container.Shape = 0x7f11015b
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.NoActionBar = 0x7f11026f
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/ShapeAppearance.M3.Comp.NavigationBar.ActiveIndicator.Shape = 0x7f11015a
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/ShapeAppearance.M3.Comp.BottomAppBar.Container.Shape = 0x7f110157
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/RtlOverlay.Widget.AppCompat.Search.DropDown.Text = 0x7f110151
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/RtlOverlay.Widget.AppCompat.Search.DropDown.Icon2 = 0x7f11014f
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/RtlOverlay.Widget.AppCompat.Search.DropDown.Icon1 = 0x7f11014e
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/RtlOverlay.Widget.AppCompat.PopupMenuItem.Title = 0x7f11014c
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/RtlOverlay.Widget.AppCompat.PopupMenuItem.Shortcut = 0x7f110149
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/RtlOverlay.Widget.AppCompat.PopupMenuItem = 0x7f110147
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.AppCompat.PopupWindow = 0x7f11031b
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/RtlOverlay.Widget.AppCompat.DialogTitle.Icon = 0x7f110146
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/RtlOverlay.Widget.AppCompat.ActionBar.TitleItem = 0x7f110145
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Platform.Widget.AppCompat.Spinner = 0x7f110143
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Platform.V21.AppCompat.Light = 0x7f110140
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Platform.V21.AppCompat = 0x7f11013f
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/MaterialAlertDialog.MaterialComponents.Title.Text.CenterStacked = 0x7f110135
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/MaterialAlertDialog.MaterialComponents.Title.Text = 0x7f110134
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/MaterialAlertDialog.MaterialComponents.Title.Icon.CenterStacked = 0x7f110131
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/MaterialAlertDialog.MaterialComponents.Picker.Date.Calendar = 0x7f11012e
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/MaterialAlertDialog.MaterialComponents = 0x7f11012c
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/MaterialAlertDialog.Material3.Title.Text.CenterStacked = 0x7f11012b
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/MaterialAlertDialog.Material3.Title.Text = 0x7f11012a
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/MaterialAlertDialog.Material3.Title.Panel.CenterStacked = 0x7f110129
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/MaterialAlertDialog.Material3.Title.Panel = 0x7f110128
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/MaterialAlertDialog.Material3.Body.Text = 0x7f110124
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/MaterialAlertDialog.Material3 = 0x7f110122
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/CardView.Light = 0x7f110121
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/CardView = 0x7f11011f
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Base.Widget.MaterialComponents.TextView = 0x7f11011e
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Base.Widget.MaterialComponents.TextInputEditText = 0x7f11011c
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.BottomAppBar.Colored = 0x7f1103ec
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Base.Widget.MaterialComponents.MaterialCalendar.NavigationButton = 0x7f110115
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.Material3.SearchView.Prefix = 0x7f1103c0
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Base.Widget.MaterialComponents.MaterialCalendar.HeaderToggleButton = 0x7f110114
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Base.Widget.MaterialComponents.Chip = 0x7f110113
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Base.Widget.MaterialComponents.CheckedTextView = 0x7f110112
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Base.Widget.MaterialComponents.AutoCompleteTextView = 0x7f110111
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Base.Widget.Material3.TabLayout.OnSurface = 0x7f11010f
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Base.Widget.Material3.TabLayout = 0x7f11010e
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Base.Widget.Material3.Snackbar = 0x7f11010d
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Base.Widget.Material3.MaterialCalendar.NavigationButton = 0x7f11010c
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Base.Widget.Material3.ExtendedFloatingActionButton.Icon = 0x7f110107
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Base.Widget.Material3.CompoundButton.CheckBox = 0x7f110103
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Base.Widget.Material3.Chip = 0x7f110101
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.Dialog.FixedSize.Bridge = 0x7f110269
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Base.Widget.Material3.BottomNavigationView = 0x7f1100ff
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Base.Widget.Material3.ActionBar.Solid = 0x7f1100fd
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.Toolbar.Button.Navigation = 0x7f1100fb
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.SeekBar.Discrete = 0x7f1100f5
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Theme.Material3.Dark.DialogWhenLarge = 0x7f11022c
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.SearchView.ActionBar = 0x7f1100f3
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.SearchView = 0x7f1100f2
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.RatingBar.Small = 0x7f1100f1
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.ProgressBar.Horizontal = 0x7f1100ee
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.ProgressBar = 0x7f1100ed
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:styleable/BottomAppBar = 0x7f120015
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.PopupMenu.Overflow = 0x7f1100eb
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.Dialog.Alert = 0x7f1102cc
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.PopupMenu = 0x7f1100ea
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.ListView = 0x7f1100e7
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.ListMenuView = 0x7f1100e5
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.Light.PopupMenu = 0x7f1100e3
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/ShapeAppearanceOverlay.Material3.Corner.Left = 0x7f110183
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.Light.ActionBar.TabText.Inverse = 0x7f1100e1
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.Light.ActionBar.TabText = 0x7f1100e0
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.Light.ActionBar = 0x7f1100dd
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.DropDownItem.Spinner = 0x7f1100da
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.DrawerArrowToggle.Common = 0x7f1100d9
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.DrawerArrowToggle = 0x7f1100d8
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.CompoundButton.CheckBox = 0x7f1100d5
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.ButtonBar = 0x7f1100d3
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.Button.Small = 0x7f1100d2
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.Button.Colored = 0x7f1100d1
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.Button.Borderless = 0x7f1100ce
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.Button = 0x7f1100cd
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.ActivityChooserView = 0x7f1100cb
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.ActionMode = 0x7f1100ca
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.ActionButton.CloseMode = 0x7f1100c8
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.ActionBar.TabView = 0x7f1100c6
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.ActionBar = 0x7f1100c2
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Base.V7.ThemeOverlay.AppCompat.Dialog = 0x7f1100be
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Base.V7.Theme.AppCompat.Light.Dialog = 0x7f1100bd
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.TimePicker.Display.Divider = 0x7f110451
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Base.V7.Theme.AppCompat.Dialog = 0x7f1100bb
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Base.V28.Theme.AppCompat = 0x7f1100b8
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Base.V26.Theme.AppCompat.Light = 0x7f1100b6
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Base.V24.Theme.Material3.Light.Dialog = 0x7f1100b4
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Base.V24.Theme.Material3.Light = 0x7f1100b3
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Base.V21.ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.BottomSheetDialog = 0x7f1100ac
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Base.V21.ThemeOverlay.Material3.BottomSheetDialog = 0x7f1100aa
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Base.V21.ThemeOverlay.AppCompat.Dialog = 0x7f1100a9
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Base.V21.Theme.MaterialComponents.Light = 0x7f1100a7
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Base.V21.Theme.MaterialComponents.Dialog = 0x7f1100a6
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Base.V21.Theme.AppCompat.Dialog = 0x7f1100a2
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Base.V21.Theme.AppCompat = 0x7f1100a1
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.MaterialCalendar.HeaderLayout = 0x7f11041f
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Base.V14.ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.MaterialAlertDialog = 0x7f11009f
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Base.V14.ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.Dialog = 0x7f11009d
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Base.V14.ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.BottomSheetDialog = 0x7f11009c
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Base.V14.ThemeOverlay.Material3.SideSheetDialog = 0x7f11009b
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Base.V14.Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.Dialog.Bridge = 0x7f110099
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Base.V14.Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.Bridge = 0x7f110096
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Base.V14.Theme.MaterialComponents.Light = 0x7f110095
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Base.V14.Theme.MaterialComponents.Dialog = 0x7f110093
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Base.V14.Theme.Material3.Light.SideSheetDialog = 0x7f110090
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Base.V14.Theme.Material3.Light.Dialog = 0x7f11008f
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Base.V14.Theme.Material3.Light.BottomSheetDialog = 0x7f11008e
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Base.V14.Theme.Material3.Dark.SideSheetDialog = 0x7f11008c
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Base.V14.Theme.Material3.Dark.Dialog = 0x7f11008b
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Base.ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.Dialog.Alert = 0x7f110085
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Base.ThemeOverlay.Material3.SideSheetDialog = 0x7f110082
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Base.ThemeOverlay.Material3.Dialog = 0x7f110081
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Base.ThemeOverlay.Material3.AutoCompleteTextView = 0x7f11007f
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Base.ThemeOverlay.AppCompat.Dark = 0x7f11007a
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Base.ThemeOverlay.AppCompat = 0x7f110078
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Base.Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.DialogWhenLarge = 0x7f110077
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Base.Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.Dialog.MinWidth = 0x7f110076
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Base.Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.DarkActionBar.Bridge = 0x7f110071
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Base.Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.DarkActionBar = 0x7f110070
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Base.Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.Bridge = 0x7f11006f
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Base.Theme.MaterialComponents.Light = 0x7f11006e
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Base.Theme.MaterialComponents.Dialog.FixedSize = 0x7f11006b
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Base.Theme.MaterialComponents.Dialog.Alert = 0x7f110069
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Base.Theme.MaterialComponents.Bridge = 0x7f110066
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Base.Theme.MaterialComponents = 0x7f110065
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Base.Theme.Material3.Light.DialogWhenLarge = 0x7f110063
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Base.Theme.Material3.Dark.SideSheetDialog = 0x7f11005e
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Base.Theme.Material3.Dark.DialogWhenLarge = 0x7f11005d
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Base.Theme.Material3.Dark.Dialog.FixedSize = 0x7f11005c
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Base.Theme.Material3.Dark.BottomSheetDialog = 0x7f11005a
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Base.Theme.AppCompat.Light.Dialog.FixedSize = 0x7f110056
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Base.Theme.AppCompat.Light.Dialog.Alert = 0x7f110055
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Base.Theme.AppCompat.Light.Dialog = 0x7f110054
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Base.Theme.AppCompat.Light.DarkActionBar = 0x7f110053
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Base.Theme.AppCompat.DialogWhenLarge = 0x7f110051
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Base.Theme.AppCompat.Dialog.MinWidth = 0x7f110050
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Theme.AppCompat.Light = 0x7f110219
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Base.Theme.AppCompat.Dialog.Alert = 0x7f11004e
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Base.Theme.AppCompat.Dialog = 0x7f11004d
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Base.Theme.AppCompat = 0x7f11004b
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Base.TextAppearance.Widget.AppCompat.Toolbar.Subtitle = 0x7f110049
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Base.TextAppearance.MaterialComponents.Subtitle2 = 0x7f110047
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Base.TextAppearance.MaterialComponents.Headline6 = 0x7f110046
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:styleable/StateListDrawable = 0x7f120082
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Base.TextAppearance.MaterialComponents.Badge = 0x7f110044
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.Button.Borderless.Colored = 0x7f1100cf
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.PopupMenu.Small = 0x7f110040
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.PopupMenu.Large = 0x7f11003f
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.PopupMenu.Header = 0x7f11003e
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.Button.Inverse = 0x7f11003c
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.Button.Borderless.Colored = 0x7f11003a
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.Button = 0x7f110039
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.ActionBar.Title.Inverse = 0x7f110036
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.MaterialCalendar.HeaderConfirmButton = 0x7f11041d
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.ActionBar.Title = 0x7f110035
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Title.Inverse = 0x7f110030
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Title = 0x7f11002f
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Subhead.Inverse = 0x7f11002e
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Subhead = 0x7f11002d
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Small.Inverse = 0x7f11002c
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Small = 0x7f11002b
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.Dialog = 0x7f110256
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.SearchResult = 0x7f110028
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Medium.Inverse = 0x7f110026
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Medium = 0x7f110025
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.Toolbar.Primary = 0x7f1102e2
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Light.Widget.PopupMenu.Small = 0x7f110024
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.Button.TextButton = 0x7f1103f7
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Light.Widget.PopupMenu.Large = 0x7f110023
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Display4 = 0x7f11001e
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Display3 = 0x7f11001d
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Display2 = 0x7f11001c
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Display1 = 0x7f11001b
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Caption = 0x7f11001a
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Button = 0x7f110019
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Body2 = 0x7f110018
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Base.MaterialAlertDialog.MaterialComponents.Title.Text = 0x7f110015
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Base.MaterialAlertDialog.MaterialComponents.Title.Panel = 0x7f110014
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Base.MaterialAlertDialog.MaterialComponents.Title.Icon = 0x7f110013
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Base.DialogWindowTitleBackground.AppCompat = 0x7f110012
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Base.DialogWindowTitle.AppCompat = 0x7f110011
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Base.CardView = 0x7f110010
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Base.Animation.AppCompat.Tooltip = 0x7f11000f
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Base.Animation.AppCompat.DropDownUp = 0x7f11000e
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Base.AlertDialog.AppCompat = 0x7f11000b
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Animation.Material3.SideSheetDialog = 0x7f110007
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.AutoCompleteTextView = 0x7f11027e
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Base.V14.Widget.MaterialComponents.AutoCompleteTextView = 0x7f1100a0
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Animation.Design.BottomSheetDialog = 0x7f110005
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.Material3.TabLayout = 0x7f1103cb
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Animation.AppCompat.Dialog = 0x7f110002
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/AlertDialog.AppCompat.Light = 0x7f110001
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:string/side_sheet_accessibility_pane_title = 0x7f1000b3
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:string/searchview_clear_text_content_description = 0x7f1000b1
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:string/search_menu_title = 0x7f1000af
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:string/path_password_eye_mask_strike_through = 0x7f1000ac
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:string/path_password_eye = 0x7f1000ab
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:string/mtrl_timepicker_cancel = 0x7f1000a8
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:string/mtrl_switch_track_path = 0x7f1000a7
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:string/mtrl_switch_track_decoration_path = 0x7f1000a6
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:string/mtrl_switch_thumb_path_unchecked = 0x7f1000a5
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:string/mtrl_switch_thumb_path_name = 0x7f1000a3
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Theme.Material3.DynamicColors.DayNight = 0x7f110238
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:string/mtrl_switch_thumb_path_morphing = 0x7f1000a2
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:string/mtrl_picker_toggle_to_year_selection = 0x7f10009f
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:string/mtrl_picker_toggle_to_text_input_mode = 0x7f10009e
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:string/mtrl_picker_toggle_to_day_selection = 0x7f10009d
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:string/mtrl_picker_text_input_year_abbr = 0x7f10009a
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:string/mtrl_picker_text_input_month_abbr = 0x7f100099
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:string/mtrl_picker_text_input_day_abbr = 0x7f100098
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:string/mtrl_picker_text_input_date_range_start_hint = 0x7f100097
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.MaterialAlertDialog.Picker.Date.Spinner = 0x7f1102d6
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:string/mtrl_picker_text_input_date_hint = 0x7f100095
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:string/mtrl_picker_start_date_description = 0x7f100094
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.ActionMode.Title = 0x7f110038
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:string/mtrl_picker_range_header_unselected = 0x7f100092
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:string/mtrl_picker_range_header_title = 0x7f100091
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:string/mtrl_picker_range_header_selected = 0x7f100090
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:string/mtrl_picker_range_header_only_start_selected = 0x7f10008f
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:string/mtrl_picker_range_header_only_end_selected = 0x7f10008e
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:string/mtrl_picker_invalid_format_use = 0x7f100089
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:string/mtrl_picker_invalid_format_example = 0x7f100088
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:string/mtrl_picker_date_header_unselected = 0x7f100084
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:string/mtrl_picker_date_header_title = 0x7f100083
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:string/mtrl_picker_confirm = 0x7f100081
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:string/mtrl_picker_announce_current_selection_none = 0x7f10007f
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:string/mtrl_picker_announce_current_selection = 0x7f10007e
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:string/mtrl_picker_announce_current_range_selection = 0x7f10007d
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:string/mtrl_picker_a11y_next_month = 0x7f10007b
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:string/mtrl_exceed_max_badge_number_suffix = 0x7f10007a
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:string/mtrl_chip_close_icon_content_description = 0x7f100078
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:string/mtrl_checkbox_state_description_indeterminate = 0x7f100076
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:string/mtrl_checkbox_state_description_checked = 0x7f100075
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:string/mtrl_checkbox_button_path_checked = 0x7f100071
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Base.Theme.Material3.Dark.Dialog = 0x7f11005b
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:string/mtrl_checkbox_button_icon_path_name = 0x7f100070
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:string/mtrl_badge_numberless_content_description = 0x7f10006c
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.Material3.FloatingActionButton.Tertiary = 0x7f11038d
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:string/material_timepicker_text_input_mode_description = 0x7f10006b
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:string/material_timepicker_pm = 0x7f100069
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:string/material_timepicker_hour = 0x7f100067
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:string/material_timepicker_clock_mode_description = 0x7f100066
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:string/material_slider_value = 0x7f100064
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:string/material_slider_range_end = 0x7f100062
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:string/material_motion_easing_standard = 0x7f100061
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:string/material_motion_easing_emphasized = 0x7f10005f
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:string/material_motion_easing_decelerated = 0x7f10005e
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:string/material_motion_easing_accelerated = 0x7f10005d
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:string/material_minute_suffix = 0x7f10005c
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:string/material_minute_selection = 0x7f10005b
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:string/material_hour_selection = 0x7f100059
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:string/material_clock_display_divider = 0x7f100056
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:styleable/CoordinatorLayout = 0x7f12002c
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:string/m3_sys_motion_easing_standard_accelerate = 0x7f100054
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:string/m3_sys_motion_easing_standard = 0x7f100053
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Theme.Material3.Dark.SideSheetDialog = 0x7f11022e
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:string/m3_sys_motion_easing_legacy_accelerate = 0x7f100050
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:string/m3_sys_motion_easing_legacy = 0x7f10004f
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:string/mtrl_picker_a11y_prev_month = 0x7f10007c
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:string/m3_sys_motion_easing_emphasized_path_data = 0x7f10004e
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:string/m3_sys_motion_easing_emphasized_decelerate = 0x7f10004d
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:string/m3_sys_motion_easing_emphasized = 0x7f10004b
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.PopupMenu = 0x7f110433
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:string/m3_ref_typeface_plain_medium = 0x7f100049
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:string/m3_ref_typeface_brand_medium = 0x7f100047
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:string/m3_exceed_max_badge_text_suffix = 0x7f100046
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:string/lbl_title_listado_carros = 0x7f100045
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Base.TextAppearance.Material3.Search = 0x7f110043
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:string/lbl_title_agregar_nuevo_carro = 0x7f100043
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:string/lbl_modelo_legend = 0x7f100042
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:string/lbl_modelo_carro = 0x7f100041
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:string/lbl_marca = 0x7f10003d
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:string/lbl_color_carro = 0x7f10003b
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:string/icon_content_description = 0x7f100037
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.Material3.Snackbar.FullWidth = 0x7f1103c9
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:string/fab_transformation_scrim_behavior = 0x7f100034
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:string/exposed_dropdown_menu_content_description = 0x7f100033
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:string/error_a11y_label = 0x7f100031
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:string/character_counter_pattern = 0x7f10002f
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:string/character_counter_overflowed_content_description = 0x7f10002e
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:string/call_notification_screening_text = 0x7f10002c
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:string/call_notification_ongoing_text = 0x7f10002b
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:styleable/TextEffects = 0x7f12008a
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:string/call_notification_incoming_text = 0x7f10002a
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:string/call_notification_decline_action = 0x7f100028
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:string/call_notification_answer_video_action = 0x7f100027
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:string/call_notification_answer_action = 0x7f100026
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:string/bottomsheet_drag_handle_content_description = 0x7f100023
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:string/bottomsheet_action_expand_halfway = 0x7f100021
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.CompoundButton.CheckBox = 0x7f11040b
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:string/abc_toolbar_collapse_description = 0x7f10001a
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:string/abc_shareactionprovider_share_with = 0x7f100018
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.NavigationRailView.Colored = 0x7f11042e
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:string/abc_searchview_description_query = 0x7f100014
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:string/abc_searchview_description_clear = 0x7f100013
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:string/abc_search_hint = 0x7f100012
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:string/abc_menu_space_shortcut_label = 0x7f10000f
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:string/abc_menu_shift_shortcut_label = 0x7f10000e
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:string/abc_menu_enter_shortcut_label = 0x7f10000b
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:string/abc_menu_delete_shortcut_label = 0x7f10000a
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:string/abc_capital_on = 0x7f100007
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:string/abc_capital_off = 0x7f100006
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:string/abc_activitychooserview_choose_application = 0x7f100005
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:string/abc_activity_chooser_view_see_all = 0x7f100004
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:string/abc_action_mode_done = 0x7f100003
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.AppCompat.TextView = 0x7f110329
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:string/abc_action_menu_overflow_description = 0x7f100002
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:string/abc_action_bar_home_description = 0x7f100000
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:mipmap/ic_launcher_round = 0x7f0e0001
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:mipmap/ic_launcher = 0x7f0e0000
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_top_app_bar_small_on_scroll_container_color = 0x7f0d0174
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_top_app_bar_small_leading_icon_color = 0x7f0d0173
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Base.Widget.Material3.ActionMode = 0x7f1100fe
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_top_app_bar_small_headline_type = 0x7f0d0172
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_top_app_bar_small_headline_color = 0x7f0d0171
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.Material3.Slider.Label = 0x7f1103c7
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_top_app_bar_medium_headline_type = 0x7f0d016f
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.Switch = 0x7f1101c1
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_top_app_bar_large_headline_type = 0x7f0d016d
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_top_app_bar_large_headline_color = 0x7f0d016c
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_time_picker_time_selector_unselected_hover_state_layer_color = 0x7f0d016a
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_time_picker_time_selector_unselected_focus_state_layer_color = 0x7f0d0169
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_time_picker_time_selector_unselected_container_color = 0x7f0d0168
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_time_picker_time_selector_selected_label_text_color = 0x7f0d0164
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_time_picker_time_selector_selected_focus_state_layer_color = 0x7f0d0162
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_time_picker_time_selector_label_text_type = 0x7f0d0160
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Animation.Material3.SideSheetDialog.Right = 0x7f110009
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_time_picker_period_selector_unselected_label_text_color = 0x7f0d015d
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.SearchResult.Subtitle = 0x7f110029
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_time_picker_period_selector_unselected_focus_state_layer_color = 0x7f0d015b
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_time_picker_period_selector_outline_color = 0x7f0d0155
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_time_picker_period_selector_container_shape = 0x7f0d0153
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_time_picker_container_color = 0x7f0d014f
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_time_input_time_input_field_supporting_text_type = 0x7f0d014c
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_time_input_time_input_field_supporting_text_color = 0x7f0d014b
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_time_input_time_input_field_focus_outline_color = 0x7f0d0149
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_time_input_time_input_field_container_shape = 0x7f0d0148
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_text_button_hover_state_layer_color = 0x7f0d0144
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_text_button_focus_state_layer_color = 0x7f0d0143
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_switch_unselected_track_outline_color = 0x7f0d0142
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_switch_unselected_track_color = 0x7f0d0141
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:styleable/AppCompatEmojiHelper = 0x7f12000d
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_switch_unselected_pressed_state_layer_color = 0x7f0d013e
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/TextAppearance.MaterialComponents.Button = 0x7f1101fa
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_switch_unselected_hover_track_outline_color = 0x7f0d013a
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_switch_unselected_hover_track_color = 0x7f0d0139
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_switch_unselected_focus_icon_color = 0x7f0d0131
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_switch_unselected_focus_handle_color = 0x7f0d0130
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_switch_selected_track_color = 0x7f0d012f
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_switch_selected_pressed_track_color = 0x7f0d012e
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_switch_selected_pressed_state_layer_color = 0x7f0d012d
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_switch_selected_pressed_icon_color = 0x7f0d012c
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_switch_selected_pressed_handle_color = 0x7f0d012b
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_switch_selected_hover_track_color = 0x7f0d0129
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.FloatingActionButton.Primary = 0x7f11029f
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_switch_selected_focus_state_layer_color = 0x7f0d0123
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_switch_selected_focus_icon_color = 0x7f0d0122
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_switch_disabled_unselected_track_outline_color = 0x7f0d0120
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_switch_disabled_unselected_icon_color = 0x7f0d011e
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_switch_disabled_unselected_handle_color = 0x7f0d011d
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_switch_disabled_selected_track_color = 0x7f0d011c
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.Material3.Badge = 0x7f110341
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_switch_disabled_selected_icon_color = 0x7f0d011b
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_suggestion_chip_container_shape = 0x7f0d0118
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_snackbar_supporting_text_type = 0x7f0d0117
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/ThemeOverlay.AppCompat.ActionBar = 0x7f110273
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_snackbar_supporting_text_color = 0x7f0d0116
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_snackbar_container_shape = 0x7f0d0115
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_slider_label_label_text_color = 0x7f0d0113
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_slider_inactive_track_color = 0x7f0d0111
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_slider_disabled_inactive_track_color = 0x7f0d010f
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_slider_disabled_active_track_color = 0x7f0d010d
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.AppCompat.ActionBar.Solid = 0x7f1102e5
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_sheet_side_docked_standard_container_color = 0x7f0d010b
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_sheet_side_docked_modal_container_color = 0x7f0d0109
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_sheet_side_detached_container_shape = 0x7f0d0108
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_sheet_bottom_docked_container_color = 0x7f0d0105
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_secondary_navigation_tab_with_icon_inactive_icon_color = 0x7f0d0104
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_secondary_navigation_tab_focus_state_layer_color = 0x7f0d00fe
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_secondary_navigation_tab_active_label_text_color = 0x7f0d00fc
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_secondary_navigation_tab_active_indicator_color = 0x7f0d00fb
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_search_view_header_supporting_text_type = 0x7f0d00f9
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.AppCompat.Light.ActionButton.CloseMode = 0x7f110308
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_search_view_header_supporting_text_color = 0x7f0d00f8
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_search_view_header_input_text_color = 0x7f0d00f5
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_search_view_docked_container_shape = 0x7f0d00f4
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_search_view_divider_color = 0x7f0d00f3
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_search_view_container_color = 0x7f0d00f2
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Base.ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.Dialog.Alert.Framework = 0x7f110086
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_search_bar_trailing_icon_color = 0x7f0d00f1
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:string/mtrl_checkbox_button_path_name = 0x7f100073
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_search_bar_supporting_text_type = 0x7f0d00f0
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_search_bar_pressed_supporting_text_color = 0x7f0d00ee
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_search_bar_pressed_state_layer_color = 0x7f0d00ed
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.ActionBar.TabText = 0x7f1100c5
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_search_bar_container_color = 0x7f0d00e7
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.Material3.Button.TextButton.Dialog.Icon = 0x7f110359
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_radio_button_unselected_pressed_state_layer_color = 0x7f0d00e6
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_radio_button_unselected_pressed_icon_color = 0x7f0d00e5
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_radio_button_unselected_icon_color = 0x7f0d00e4
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.Light.ActionBar.TabView = 0x7f1100e2
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_radio_button_unselected_hover_icon_color = 0x7f0d00e2
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_radio_button_selected_hover_state_layer_color = 0x7f0d00dc
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_search_bar_hover_state_layer_color = 0x7f0d00e8
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_radio_button_selected_focus_state_layer_color = 0x7f0d00da
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_radio_button_selected_focus_icon_color = 0x7f0d00d9
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.ActionBar.Menu = 0x7f1101b0
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Platform.AppCompat.Light = 0x7f110137
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_radio_button_disabled_unselected_icon_color = 0x7f0d00d8
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:string/abc_menu_ctrl_shortcut_label = 0x7f100009
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_radio_button_disabled_selected_icon_color = 0x7f0d00d7
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_primary_navigation_tab_inactive_focus_state_layer_color = 0x7f0d00cf
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_primary_navigation_tab_active_pressed_state_layer_color = 0x7f0d00cd
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_primary_navigation_tab_active_hover_state_layer_color = 0x7f0d00cb
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_outlined_text_field_supporting_text_type = 0x7f0d00c8
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_outlined_text_field_label_text_color = 0x7f0d00c5
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_outlined_text_field_input_text_color = 0x7f0d00c3
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_outlined_text_field_hover_supporting_text_color = 0x7f0d00c2
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Theme.Material3.Light.SideSheetDialog = 0x7f110241
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_outlined_text_field_hover_outline_color = 0x7f0d00c1
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_outlined_text_field_hover_input_text_color = 0x7f0d00c0
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_switch_selected_hover_state_layer_color = 0x7f0d0128
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_outlined_text_field_focus_supporting_text_color = 0x7f0d00bf
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_outlined_text_field_focus_outline_color = 0x7f0d00be
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_outlined_text_field_focus_input_text_color = 0x7f0d00bc
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_outlined_text_field_disabled_supporting_text_color = 0x7f0d00b8
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_outlined_text_field_disabled_label_text_color = 0x7f0d00b6
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_outlined_text_field_disabled_input_text_color = 0x7f0d00b5
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Theme.AppCompat = 0x7f11020b
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_outlined_text_field_container_shape = 0x7f0d00b4
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Theme.Material3.DynamicColors.Dark = 0x7f110237
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_outlined_card_outline_color = 0x7f0d00b1
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_outlined_card_dragged_outline_color = 0x7f0d00ae
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_outlined_card_container_shape = 0x7f0d00ac
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_outlined_card_container_color = 0x7f0d00ab
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:styleable/RangeSlider = 0x7f120073
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.BottomSheet = 0x7f1103f1
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Base.V14.Theme.MaterialComponents = 0x7f110091
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_outlined_button_outline_color = 0x7f0d00a9
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_outlined_button_hover_outline_color = 0x7f0d00a8
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.TextInputEditText.FilledBox = 0x7f1102da
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.Dialog = 0x7f1102cb
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_outlined_button_disabled_outline_color = 0x7f0d00a6
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:string/fab_transformation_sheet_behavior = 0x7f100035
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_outlined_autocomplete_text_field_input_text_type = 0x7f0d00a5
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_outlined_autocomplete_menu_container_color = 0x7f0d00a3
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_navigation_rail_label_text_type = 0x7f0d00a2
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_navigation_rail_inactive_pressed_state_layer_color = 0x7f0d00a1
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_navigation_rail_inactive_hover_state_layer_color = 0x7f0d009e
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_navigation_rail_inactive_focus_state_layer_color = 0x7f0d009d
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_navigation_rail_active_pressed_state_layer_color = 0x7f0d009b
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_navigation_rail_active_indicator_color = 0x7f0d0099
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_navigation_drawer_modal_container_color = 0x7f0d0095
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_navigation_drawer_label_text_type = 0x7f0d0094
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_navigation_drawer_inactive_pressed_state_layer_color = 0x7f0d0093
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_navigation_drawer_inactive_pressed_label_text_color = 0x7f0d0092
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_navigation_drawer_inactive_label_text_color = 0x7f0d0090
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_navigation_drawer_inactive_hover_state_layer_color = 0x7f0d008e
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_navigation_drawer_inactive_hover_label_text_color = 0x7f0d008d
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_navigation_drawer_inactive_hover_icon_color = 0x7f0d008c
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.AppCompat.Light.ActionBar.TabText = 0x7f110303
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_navigation_drawer_active_icon_color = 0x7f0d0081
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_navigation_drawer_active_hover_state_layer_color = 0x7f0d0080
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_navigation_drawer_active_hover_label_text_color = 0x7f0d007f
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_navigation_drawer_active_focus_icon_color = 0x7f0d007b
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Base.ThemeOverlay.AppCompat.Dark.ActionBar = 0x7f11007b
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:string/abc_action_bar_up_description = 0x7f100001
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_navigation_bar_label_text_type = 0x7f0d007a
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.Toolbar.Popup.Primary = 0x7f1102e1
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_navigation_bar_inactive_pressed_state_layer_color = 0x7f0d0079
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_navigation_bar_inactive_label_text_color = 0x7f0d0076
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Base.Theme.MaterialComponents.Dialog.MinWidth = 0x7f11006c
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_navigation_bar_inactive_hover_state_layer_color = 0x7f0d0074
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_time_picker_period_selector_unselected_hover_state_layer_color = 0x7f0d015c
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_navigation_bar_inactive_hover_icon_color = 0x7f0d0072
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_navigation_bar_inactive_focus_state_layer_color = 0x7f0d0071
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_navigation_bar_inactive_focus_icon_color = 0x7f0d006f
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_navigation_rail_inactive_label_text_color = 0x7f0d00a0
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_navigation_bar_active_pressed_state_layer_color = 0x7f0d006d
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_navigation_bar_active_pressed_label_text_color = 0x7f0d006c
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_navigation_bar_active_indicator_color = 0x7f0d0069
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_navigation_bar_active_icon_color = 0x7f0d0068
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.Dialog.Alert.Framework = 0x7f1102cd
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_navigation_bar_active_hover_state_layer_color = 0x7f0d0067
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.ExtendedFloatingActionButton.Surface = 0x7f11029d
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_navigation_bar_active_hover_label_text_color = 0x7f0d0066
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_navigation_bar_active_hover_icon_color = 0x7f0d0065
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.Material3.BottomAppBar.Button.Navigation = 0x7f110344
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_navigation_bar_active_focus_icon_color = 0x7f0d0062
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_menu_list_item_selected_container_color = 0x7f0d0061
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_menu_container_color = 0x7f0d0060
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_linear_progress_indicator_track_color = 0x7f0d005f
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_linear_progress_indicator_active_indicator_color = 0x7f0d005e
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_input_chip_label_text_type = 0x7f0d005d
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_icon_button_unselected_icon_color = 0x7f0d005b
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.Material3.TextInputLayout.OutlinedBox.Dense.ExposedDropdownMenu = 0x7f1103d8
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_filter_chip_label_text_type = 0x7f0d0059
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_filter_chip_container_shape = 0x7f0d0058
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_filled_tonal_icon_button_toggle_unselected_icon_color = 0x7f0d0057
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.Material3.ExtendedFloatingActionButton.Icon.Tertiary = 0x7f11037d
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_filled_tonal_icon_button_container_color = 0x7f0d0055
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_filled_tonal_button_container_color = 0x7f0d0053
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.Chip.Assist = 0x7f110290
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_filled_text_field_supporting_text_type = 0x7f0d0052
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_filled_text_field_input_text_type = 0x7f0d0051
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_filled_text_field_error_active_indicator_color = 0x7f0d004e
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_filled_card_container_shape = 0x7f0d0048
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_filled_button_label_text_type = 0x7f0d0046
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_filled_button_label_text_color = 0x7f0d0045
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat = 0x7f110193
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_filled_autocomplete_menu_container_color = 0x7f0d0042
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_fab_tertiary_container_color = 0x7f0d0040
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Theme.Design.BottomSheetDialog = 0x7f110222
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_fab_surface_container_color = 0x7f0d003e
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_fab_secondary_container_color = 0x7f0d003c
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_fab_primary_small_container_shape = 0x7f0d003b
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_extended_fab_tertiary_icon_color = 0x7f0d0036
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_extended_fab_tertiary_container_color = 0x7f0d0035
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_extended_fab_surface_container_color = 0x7f0d0033
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_extended_fab_secondary_container_color = 0x7f0d0031
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_extended_fab_primary_container_color = 0x7f0d002d
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_elevated_card_container_shape = 0x7f0d002c
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_dialog_supporting_text_type = 0x7f0d0028
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_dialog_supporting_text_color = 0x7f0d0027
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_dialog_headline_color = 0x7f0d0025
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_dialog_container_shape = 0x7f0d0024
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.MaterialCalendar.MonthNavigationButton = 0x7f110426
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_dialog_container_color = 0x7f0d0023
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_date_picker_modal_year_selection_year_unselected_label_text_color = 0x7f0d0022
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_date_picker_modal_year_selection_year_selected_label_text_color = 0x7f0d0021
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_date_picker_modal_year_selection_year_selected_container_color = 0x7f0d0020
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_date_picker_modal_weekdays_label_text_color = 0x7f0d001e
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:styleable/AlertDialog = 0x7f120006
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_date_picker_modal_range_selection_header_headline_type = 0x7f0d001b
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:string/item_view_role_description = 0x7f100038
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_date_picker_modal_header_supporting_text_color = 0x7f0d0018
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_date_picker_modal_header_headline_type = 0x7f0d0017
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_date_picker_modal_header_headline_color = 0x7f0d0016
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_date_picker_modal_date_label_text_type = 0x7f0d0010
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:string/lbl_id_carro = 0x7f10003c
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_date_picker_modal_container_shape = 0x7f0d000f
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_date_picker_modal_container_color = 0x7f0d000e
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.Material3.MaterialButtonToggleGroup = 0x7f110390
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:string/mtrl_picker_invalid_range = 0x7f10008a
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_checkbox_selected_icon_color = 0x7f0d000b
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_checkbox_selected_disabled_icon_color = 0x7f0d0008
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:styleable/AppBarLayout_Layout = 0x7f12000c
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_checkbox_selected_disabled_container_color = 0x7f0d0007
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_outlined_card_focus_outline_color = 0x7f0d00af
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_badge_large_label_text_color = 0x7f0d0003
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_badge_color = 0x7f0d0002
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_assist_chip_label_text_type = 0x7f0d0001
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_time_picker_headline_color = 0x7f0d0151
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_assist_chip_container_shape = 0x7f0d0000
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_radio_button_unselected_focus_icon_color = 0x7f0d00e0
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:layout/select_dialog_singlechoice_material = 0x7f0c006e
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:layout/select_dialog_multichoice_material = 0x7f0c006d
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:layout/notification_template_part_time = 0x7f0c006b
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:layout/notification_template_part_chronometer = 0x7f0c006a
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:layout/notification_template_custom_big = 0x7f0c0068
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:layout/notification_action = 0x7f0c0066
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:layout/mtrl_search_view = 0x7f0c0065
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:layout/mtrl_search_bar = 0x7f0c0064
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.Material3.ExtendedFloatingActionButton.Surface = 0x7f110380
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.AppCompat.ListPopupWindow = 0x7f110315
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/MaterialAlertDialog.Material3.Title.Icon.CenterStacked = 0x7f110127
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:layout/mtrl_picker_text_input_date_range = 0x7f0c0063
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:layout/mtrl_picker_header_toggle = 0x7f0c0061
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.Material3.Button.UnelevatedButton = 0x7f11035e
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:layout/mtrl_picker_header_title_text = 0x7f0c0060
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:layout/mtrl_picker_header_fullscreen = 0x7f0c005e
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/MaterialAlertDialog.MaterialComponents.Body.Text = 0x7f11012d
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:layout/mtrl_picker_header_dialog = 0x7f0c005d
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_time_picker_period_selector_selected_container_color = 0x7f0d0156
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:layout/mtrl_picker_dialog = 0x7f0c005b
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:layout/mtrl_picker_actions = 0x7f0c005a
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:styleable/MotionLayout = 0x7f120066
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:layout/mtrl_navigation_rail_item = 0x7f0c0059
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:layout/mtrl_layout_snackbar = 0x7f0c0057
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:layout/mtrl_calendar_months = 0x7f0c0054
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:layout/mtrl_calendar_month_labeled = 0x7f0c0052
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:layout/mtrl_calendar_horizontal = 0x7f0c0050
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:layout/mtrl_auto_complete_simple_item = 0x7f0c004c
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:layout/mtrl_alert_select_dialog_singlechoice = 0x7f0c004b
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:layout/mtrl_alert_select_dialog_item = 0x7f0c0049
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/ShapeAppearanceOverlay.Material3.Chip = 0x7f110181
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_text_button_label_text_type = 0x7f0d0146
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:layout/mtrl_alert_dialog_title = 0x7f0c0048
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:layout/mtrl_alert_dialog_actions = 0x7f0c0047
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:layout/mtrl_alert_dialog = 0x7f0c0046
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_extended_fab_primary_container_shape = 0x7f0d002e
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:layout/material_time_chip = 0x7f0c0041
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.Material3.PopupMenu.ListPopupWindow = 0x7f1103b9
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:layout/material_textinput_timepicker = 0x7f0c0040
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:layout/material_clockface_view = 0x7f0c003e
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:layout/material_clockface_textview = 0x7f0c003d
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:layout/material_clock_period_toggle = 0x7f0c003b
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:layout/material_clock_display_divider = 0x7f0c003a
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:layout/material_clock_display = 0x7f0c0039
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:layout/m3_auto_complete_simple_item = 0x7f0c0036
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/MaterialAlertDialog.Material3.Animation = 0x7f110123
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:layout/m3_alert_dialog_title = 0x7f0c0035
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:layout/m3_alert_dialog_actions = 0x7f0c0034
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:layout/layout_carro = 0x7f0c0031
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:layout/ime_secondary_split_test_activity = 0x7f0c0030
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:layout/ime_base_split_test_activity = 0x7f0c002f
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:layout/design_text_input_start_icon = 0x7f0c002e
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:layout/design_navigation_menu = 0x7f0c002b
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:layout/design_navigation_item_separator = 0x7f0c0029
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:layout/design_navigation_item_header = 0x7f0c0028
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:layout/design_menu_item_action_area = 0x7f0c0026
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:layout/design_layout_tab_text = 0x7f0c0025
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:layout/design_layout_snackbar_include = 0x7f0c0023
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:layout/design_layout_snackbar = 0x7f0c0022
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:layout/activity_detail_carro = 0x7f0c001d
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Platform.ThemeOverlay.AppCompat = 0x7f11013c
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:layout/activity_add_carro = 0x7f0c001c
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:layout/abc_tooltip = 0x7f0c001b
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:layout/abc_select_dialog_material = 0x7f0c001a
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:layout/abc_search_view = 0x7f0c0019
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:layout/abc_search_dropdown_item_icons_2line = 0x7f0c0018
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_date_picker_modal_range_selection_active_indicator_container_color = 0x7f0d001a
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:layout/abc_screen_simple_overlay_action_mode = 0x7f0c0016
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:layout/abc_screen_simple = 0x7f0c0015
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:layout/abc_screen_content_include = 0x7f0c0014
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.Dialog.Alert = 0x7f110296
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.DayNight = 0x7f110246
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:layout/abc_popup_menu_header_item_layout = 0x7f0c0012
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:layout/abc_list_menu_item_checkbox = 0x7f0c000e
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:layout/abc_dialog_title_material = 0x7f0c000c
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:layout/abc_cascading_menu_item_layout = 0x7f0c000b
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:layout/abc_alert_dialog_button_bar_material = 0x7f0c0008
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:layout/abc_activity_chooser_view_list_item = 0x7f0c0007
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:layout/abc_action_mode_close_item_material = 0x7f0c0005
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:layout/abc_action_mode_bar = 0x7f0c0004
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:layout/abc_action_menu_layout = 0x7f0c0003
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:layout/abc_action_menu_item_layout = 0x7f0c0002
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Light.SearchResult.Subtitle = 0x7f1101a0
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:interpolator/mtrl_linear_out_slow_in = 0x7f0b0011
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:interpolator/mtrl_linear = 0x7f0b0010
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:interpolator/mtrl_fast_out_linear_in = 0x7f0b000e
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:styleable/SearchView = 0x7f120079
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.Material3.MaterialDivider = 0x7f1103a8
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:interpolator/m3_sys_motion_easing_standard_decelerate = 0x7f0b000d
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.Button.IconButton.Filled.Tonal = 0x7f11028b
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:interpolator/m3_sys_motion_easing_standard = 0x7f0b000b
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:interpolator/m3_sys_motion_easing_emphasized_decelerate = 0x7f0b0009
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:interpolator/m3_sys_motion_easing_emphasized = 0x7f0b0007
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:interpolator/fast_out_slow_in = 0x7f0b0006
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:interpolator/btn_radio_to_on_mtrl_animation_interpolator_0 = 0x7f0b0005
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.Button.OutlinedButton.Icon = 0x7f1103f6
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:interpolator/btn_radio_to_off_mtrl_animation_interpolator_0 = 0x7f0b0004
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_search_bar_input_text_color = 0x7f0d00ea
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:interpolator/btn_checkbox_unchecked_mtrl_animation_interpolator_1 = 0x7f0b0003
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:interpolator/btn_checkbox_checked_mtrl_animation_interpolator_1 = 0x7f0b0001
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:interpolator/btn_checkbox_checked_mtrl_animation_interpolator_0 = 0x7f0b0000
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:integer/mtrl_view_invisible = 0x7f0a0040
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:integer/mtrl_tab_indicator_anim_duration_ms = 0x7f0a003e
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.AppCompat.Spinner.Underlined = 0x7f110328
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:integer/mtrl_switch_thumb_viewport_size = 0x7f0a003b
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:integer/mtrl_switch_thumb_viewport_center_coordinate = 0x7f0a003a
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:integer/mtrl_switch_thumb_pressed_duration = 0x7f0a0039
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:layout/design_navigation_menu_item = 0x7f0c002c
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:integer/mtrl_switch_thumb_pre_morphing_duration = 0x7f0a0038
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.Material3.NavigationRailView.Badge = 0x7f1103b5
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:integer/mtrl_chip_anim_duration = 0x7f0a0035
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:integer/mtrl_card_anim_delay_ms = 0x7f0a0033
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:integer/mtrl_calendar_year_selector_span = 0x7f0a0032
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:integer/mtrl_calendar_header_orientation = 0x7f0a0030
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:integer/mtrl_btn_anim_duration_ms = 0x7f0a002f
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:integer/mtrl_btn_anim_delay_ms = 0x7f0a002e
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:integer/mtrl_badge_max_character_count = 0x7f0a002d
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:integer/material_motion_duration_short_2 = 0x7f0a002b
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:integer/material_motion_duration_medium_2 = 0x7f0a0029
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/TextAppearance.MaterialComponents.Chip = 0x7f1101fc
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.Light.ActionBar.Solid = 0x7f1100de
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:integer/material_motion_duration_medium_1 = 0x7f0a0028
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:integer/material_motion_duration_long_2 = 0x7f0a0027
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:integer/material_motion_duration_long_1 = 0x7f0a0026
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:integer/m3_sys_shape_corner_small_corner_family = 0x7f0a0025
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:integer/m3_sys_shape_corner_large_corner_family = 0x7f0a0023
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:integer/m3_sys_shape_corner_extra_small_corner_family = 0x7f0a0021
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:integer/m3_sys_shape_corner_extra_large_corner_family = 0x7f0a0020
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:integer/m3_sys_motion_duration_short4 = 0x7f0a001e
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:integer/m3_sys_motion_duration_short3 = 0x7f0a001d
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_search_bar_supporting_text_color = 0x7f0d00ef
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:integer/m3_sys_motion_duration_medium2 = 0x7f0a0018
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:integer/m3_sys_motion_duration_medium1 = 0x7f0a0017
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:integer/m3_sys_motion_duration_long4 = 0x7f0a0016
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.Light.Dialog.Alert.Framework = 0x7f1102a6
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:integer/m3_sys_motion_duration_long2 = 0x7f0a0014
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:integer/m3_sys_motion_duration_long1 = 0x7f0a0013
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:integer/m3_sys_motion_duration_extra_long4 = 0x7f0a0012
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.Material3.SearchView.Toolbar = 0x7f1103c1
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.ActionButton = 0x7f1100c7
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:integer/m3_sys_motion_duration_extra_long2 = 0x7f0a0010
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:integer/m3_chip_anim_duration = 0x7f0a000e
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:integer/m3_btn_anim_duration_ms = 0x7f0a000b
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:integer/m3_btn_anim_delay_ms = 0x7f0a000a
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Animation.MaterialComponents.BottomSheetDialog = 0x7f11000a
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:integer/hide_password_duration = 0x7f0a0008
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:integer/config_tooltipAnimTime = 0x7f0a0005
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:integer/cancel_button_image_alpha = 0x7f0a0004
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:integer/bottom_sheet_slide_duration = 0x7f0a0003
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:integer/app_bar_elevation_anim_duration = 0x7f0a0002
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:integer/abc_config_activityShortDur = 0x7f0a0001
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:integer/abc_config_activityDefaultDur = 0x7f0a0000
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/x_left = 0x7f09020e
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/wrap_content_constrained = 0x7f09020d
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/wrap_content = 0x7f09020c
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/withinBounds = 0x7f09020a
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Platform.MaterialComponents.Dialog = 0x7f110139
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/with_icon = 0x7f090209
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/visible_removing_fragment_view_tag = 0x7f090206
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/visible = 0x7f090205
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:styleable/Transition = 0x7f120091
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/view_tree_on_back_pressed_dispatcher_owner = 0x7f090202
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Base.Widget.MaterialComponents.PopupMenu.ListPopupWindow = 0x7f110118
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/vertical_only = 0x7f0901fe
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/unlabeled = 0x7f0901fb
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/uniform = 0x7f0901fa
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/unchecked = 0x7f0901f9
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/txtMarca = 0x7f0901f8
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/txtColorCarro = 0x7f0901f7
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/txtCarroModelo = 0x7f0901f6
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/ShapeAppearance.Material3.SmallComponent = 0x7f110178
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/txtCarroMarca = 0x7f0901f5
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/txtCarroId = 0x7f0901f4
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_filled_icon_button_toggle_unselected_icon_color = 0x7f0d004b
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:layout/mtrl_calendar_day_of_week = 0x7f0c004e
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/txtAsientosCarro = 0x7f0901f3
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/tvModelo = 0x7f0901f0
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/tvMarcaRecycler = 0x7f0901ef
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/transition_scene_layoutid_cache = 0x7f0901eb
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/transition_position = 0x7f0901ea
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/transitionToEnd = 0x7f0901e6
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/touch_outside = 0x7f0901e5
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/topPanel = 0x7f0901e4
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.Button.Borderless.Colored = 0x7f1101ba
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/toggle = 0x7f0901e2
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/title_template = 0x7f0901e1
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/title = 0x7f0901df
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/time = 0x7f0901de
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/textinput_suffix_text = 0x7f0901dd
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_navigation_rail_active_label_text_color = 0x7f0d009a
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/textinput_placeholder = 0x7f0901db
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/textinput_error = 0x7f0901d9
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/text_input_start_icon = 0x7f0901d7
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/text_input_end_icon = 0x7f0901d5
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/textTop = 0x7f0901d4
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.Material3.Button.IconButton.Filled = 0x7f110351
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/textStart = 0x7f0901d3
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/textEnd = 0x7f0901d0
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/text = 0x7f0901ce
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/tag_unhandled_key_listeners = 0x7f0901cc
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Base.V26.Widget.AppCompat.Toolbar = 0x7f1100b7
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/tag_unhandled_key_event_manager = 0x7f0901cb
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/tag_state_description = 0x7f0901c9
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/tag_screen_reader_focusable = 0x7f0901c8
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/tag_on_receive_content_listener = 0x7f0901c6
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/tag_on_apply_window_listener = 0x7f0901c5
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:string/mtrl_picker_out_of_range = 0x7f10008d
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/tag_accessibility_heading = 0x7f0901c3
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/tag_accessibility_clickable_spans = 0x7f0901c2
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/supportScrollUp = 0x7f0901bf
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/submit_area = 0x7f0901be
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/submenuarrow = 0x7f0901bd
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.Toolbar.Surface = 0x7f1102e3
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/stretch = 0x7f0901bc
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/staticPostLayout = 0x7f0901ba
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_fab_primary_icon_color = 0x7f0d0039
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/startVertical = 0x7f0901b8
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/startToEnd = 0x7f0901b7
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/startHorizontal = 0x7f0901b6
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/standard = 0x7f0901b4
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_outlined_text_field_disabled_outline_color = 0x7f0d00b7
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/src_in = 0x7f0901b2
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.AppCompat.ListView.DropDown = 0x7f110317
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/spread = 0x7f0901ad
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/split_action_bar = 0x7f0901ac
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/spline = 0x7f0901ab
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/spacer = 0x7f0901a9
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.ShapeableImageView = 0x7f110438
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/south = 0x7f0901a8
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/snackbar_text = 0x7f0901a5
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/snackbar_action = 0x7f0901a4
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/skipped = 0x7f0901a2
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/showHome = 0x7f09019e
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/selected = 0x7f090198
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/select_dialog_listview = 0x7f090197
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:string/mtrl_picker_today_description = 0x7f10009b
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/search_voice_btn = 0x7f090196
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/search_src_text = 0x7f090195
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.Material3.CircularProgressIndicator.Medium = 0x7f110370
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/search_plate = 0x7f090194
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/search_mag_icon = 0x7f090193
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/search_go_btn = 0x7f090192
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/search_edit_frame = 0x7f090191
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/search_close_btn = 0x7f090190
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/search_bar = 0x7f09018e
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/search_badge = 0x7f09018d
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/scrollIndicatorDown = 0x7f090189
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:styleable/AnimatedStateListDrawableTransition = 0x7f120009
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/screen = 0x7f090187
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/scale = 0x7f090186
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/sawtooth = 0x7f090185
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/save_overlay_view = 0x7f090184
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/save_non_transition_alpha = 0x7f090183
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/right_side = 0x7f090180
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/src_over = 0x7f0901b3
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/rightToLeft = 0x7f09017e
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Theme.AppCompat.Light.Dialog.Alert = 0x7f11021c
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/reverseSawtooth = 0x7f09017c
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/report_drawn = 0x7f09017b
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/recyclerCarros = 0x7f09017a
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/progress_horizontal = 0x7f090176
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_fab_primary_container_color = 0x7f0d0037
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/progress_circular = 0x7f090175
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/ShapeAppearanceOverlay.Material3.SearchView = 0x7f110189
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/pin = 0x7f090171
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/peekHeight = 0x7f09016f
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/pathRelative = 0x7f09016e
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/path = 0x7f09016d
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/password_toggle = 0x7f09016c
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/parent_matrix = 0x7f09016b
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:styleable/MaterialDivider = 0x7f120056
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/parentRelative = 0x7f09016a
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/parallax = 0x7f090167
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/open_search_view_toolbar = 0x7f090161
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/open_search_view_status_bar_spacer = 0x7f090160
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/open_search_view_search_prefix = 0x7f09015f
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Base.V23.Theme.AppCompat = 0x7f1100af
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/open_search_view_scrim = 0x7f09015e
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.AppCompat.ListMenuView = 0x7f110314
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/textinput_prefix_text = 0x7f0901dc
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/open_search_view_edit_text = 0x7f09015b
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/open_search_view_dummy_toolbar = 0x7f09015a
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:layout/select_dialog_item_material = 0x7f0c006c
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/open_search_view_divider = 0x7f090159
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/parent = 0x7f090168
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/open_search_view_clear_button = 0x7f090157
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/open_search_view_background = 0x7f090156
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/onInterceptTouchReturnSwipe = 0x7f090154
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/on = 0x7f090153
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/notification_main_column_container = 0x7f090151
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/notification_main_column = 0x7f090150
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/notification_background = 0x7f09014f
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/north = 0x7f09014e
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Base.V23.Theme.AppCompat.Light = 0x7f1100b0
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/none = 0x7f09014c
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/noScroll = 0x7f09014a
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Base.V7.Theme.AppCompat = 0x7f1100ba
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/neverCompleteToStart = 0x7f090149
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/never = 0x7f090147
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/navigation_bar_item_labels_group = 0x7f090143
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/multiply = 0x7f09013f
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/mtrl_view_tag_bottom_padding = 0x7f09013e
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/mtrl_picker_title_text = 0x7f09013d
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.TextView = 0x7f1100f8
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/mtrl_picker_text_input_range_start = 0x7f09013c
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/mtrl_picker_header_title_and_selection = 0x7f090138
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_search_view_header_input_text_type = 0x7f0d00f6
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/mtrl_picker_header = 0x7f090136
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.Material3.MaterialCalendar.Day.Selected = 0x7f110394
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/mtrl_picker_fullscreen = 0x7f090135
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/mtrl_internal_children_alpha_tag = 0x7f090133
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/mtrl_child_content_container = 0x7f090132
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Theme.AppCompat.Light.DialogWhenLarge = 0x7f11021e
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/mtrl_calendar_months = 0x7f09012d
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/mtrl_calendar_main_pane = 0x7f09012c
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/mtrl_calendar_frame = 0x7f09012b
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Base.Widget.Material3.FloatingActionButton.Small = 0x7f11010a
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/mtrl_calendar_days_of_week = 0x7f09012a
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/mtrl_calendar_day_selector_frame = 0x7f090129
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/motion_base = 0x7f090127
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/month_navigation_next = 0x7f090124
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.ChipGroup = 0x7f110405
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.Material3.BottomNavigationView.ActiveIndicator = 0x7f110348
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/month_navigation_fragment_toggle = 0x7f090123
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/mini = 0x7f090120
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/middle = 0x7f09011f
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/message = 0x7f09011e
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/RtlOverlay.Widget.AppCompat.PopupMenuItem.SubmenuArrow = 0x7f11014a
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/matrix = 0x7f09011d
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/material_value_index = 0x7f09011c
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/material_timepicker_view = 0x7f09011b
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/scroll = 0x7f090188
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/material_timepicker_ok_button = 0x7f09011a
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/material_timepicker_mode_button = 0x7f090119
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.ButtonBar.AlertDialog = 0x7f1100d4
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/material_timepicker_container = 0x7f090118
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_checkbox_selected_error_container_color = 0x7f0d0009
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/material_timepicker_cancel_button = 0x7f090117
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/material_minute_text_input = 0x7f090114
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/material_label = 0x7f090113
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/material_hour_tv = 0x7f090112
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/material_hour_text_input = 0x7f090111
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.TextInputEditText.OutlinedBox.Dense = 0x7f110443
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.Material3.FloatingActionButton.Small.Tertiary = 0x7f11038b
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/material_clock_hand = 0x7f09010c
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:layout/material_radial_view_group = 0x7f0c003f
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/masked = 0x7f090106
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_date_picker_modal_header_supporting_text_type = 0x7f0d0019
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/m3_side_sheet = 0x7f090104
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/lyModelo = 0x7f090103
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/lyMarca = 0x7f090102
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:string/mtrl_picker_day_of_week_column_header = 0x7f100085
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/lyCarroModelo = 0x7f090101
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/lyCarroMarca = 0x7f090100
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Base.Theme.Material3.Light.Dialog = 0x7f110061
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:string/abc_menu_sym_shortcut_label = 0x7f100010
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_navigation_bar_inactive_hover_label_text_color = 0x7f0d0073
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/lyCarroId = 0x7f0900ff
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:string/mtrl_picker_text_input_date_range_end_hint = 0x7f100096
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/lyCarroAnio = 0x7f0900fc
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/lyActionsDt = 0x7f0900fb
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/list_item = 0x7f0900f9
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Large.Inverse = 0x7f110022
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/listMode = 0x7f0900f8
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/top = 0x7f0901e3
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/linear = 0x7f0900f7
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/line3 = 0x7f0900f6
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/left = 0x7f0900f2
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.SeekBar = 0x7f1100f4
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/lblTitleListadoCarro = 0x7f0900f1
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/lblTitleDetailCarro = 0x7f0900f0
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:string/abc_searchview_description_voice = 0x7f100017
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/lblTitleAddCarro = 0x7f0900ef
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_time_picker_period_selector_selected_pressed_state_layer_color = 0x7f0d015a
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/labeled = 0x7f0900ed
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/jumpToStart = 0x7f0900ec
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/TextAppearance.MaterialComponents.Caption = 0x7f1101fb
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/jumpToEnd = 0x7f0900eb
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/item_touch_helper_previous_elevation = 0x7f0900ea
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/italic = 0x7f0900e9
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:layout/notification_action_tombstone = 0x7f0c0067
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/invisible = 0x7f0900e7
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/info = 0x7f0900e6
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/ShapeAppearance.M3.Comp.FilledButton.Container.Shape = 0x7f110159
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/included = 0x7f0900e4
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/immediateStop = 0x7f0900e3
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/image = 0x7f0900e2
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/ignoreRequest = 0x7f0900e1
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/ignore = 0x7f0900e0
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/ifRoom = 0x7f0900df
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/icon_group = 0x7f0900de
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/icon = 0x7f0900dd
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/horizontal_only = 0x7f0900dc
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/homeAsUp = 0x7f0900da
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/home = 0x7f0900d9
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.AppCompat.Button.Small = 0x7f1102f4
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/hideable = 0x7f0900d8
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/hide_ime_id = 0x7f0900d7
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Base.ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.MaterialAlertDialog = 0x7f110088
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/open_search_view_header_container = 0x7f09015c
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/groups = 0x7f0900d5
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/grouping = 0x7f0900d4
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/group_divider = 0x7f0900d3
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/graph_wrap = 0x7f0900d2
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/graph = 0x7f0900d1
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/gone = 0x7f0900d0
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/ghost_view_holder = 0x7f0900ce
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/withText = 0x7f090208
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/ghost_view = 0x7f0900cd
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/frost = 0x7f0900cb
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/fragment_container_view_tag = 0x7f0900ca
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.MaterialButtonToggleGroup = 0x7f110413
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/flip = 0x7f0900c7
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/fitToContents = 0x7f0900c4
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/fitStart = 0x7f0900c3
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/fitEnd = 0x7f0900c2
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/fill_vertical = 0x7f0900bf
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:styleable/FloatingActionButton = 0x7f120033
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/rounded = 0x7f090181
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/fill = 0x7f0900bd
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/expanded_menu = 0x7f0900bb
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/expand_activities_button = 0x7f0900ba
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/enterAlways = 0x7f0900b7
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:styleable/MockView = 0x7f120061
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/endToStart = 0x7f0900b6
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/end = 0x7f0900b5
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.AppBarLayout.Primary = 0x7f1103e3
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/edit_text_id = 0x7f0900b2
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.MaterialAlertDialog = 0x7f1102d0
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/edit_query = 0x7f0900b1
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/edge = 0x7f0900b0
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/east = 0x7f0900af
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/easeOut = 0x7f0900ae
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/easeIn = 0x7f0900ac
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:integer/mtrl_switch_track_viewport_width = 0x7f0a003d
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/dropdown_menu = 0x7f0900ab
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/triangle = 0x7f0901ed
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/dragUp = 0x7f0900aa
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/dragStart = 0x7f0900a9
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/dragRight = 0x7f0900a8
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/dragLeft = 0x7f0900a7
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/dragEnd = 0x7f0900a6
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/ShapeAppearance.M3.Sys.Shape.Corner.None = 0x7f11016c
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/dragDown = 0x7f0900a5
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/dragAnticlockwise = 0x7f0900a3
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/disjoint = 0x7f0900a2
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/disableScroll = 0x7f0900a1
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/disablePostScroll = 0x7f0900a0
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/dimensions = 0x7f09009c
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/design_menu_item_text = 0x7f090099
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/dependency_ordering = 0x7f090095
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/deltaRelative = 0x7f090094
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:layout/abc_expanded_menu_layout = 0x7f0c000d
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/default_activity_button = 0x7f090093
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/decor_content_parent = 0x7f090092
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/decelerate = 0x7f090090
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/ThemeOverlay.AppCompat.Dark.ActionBar = 0x7f110275
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/cut = 0x7f09008e
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/customPanel = 0x7f09008d
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/custom = 0x7f09008c
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/counterclockwise = 0x7f090089
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/cos = 0x7f090088
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/coordinator = 0x7f090087
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/stop = 0x7f0901bb
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/continuousVelocity = 0x7f090086
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.BottomNavigationView = 0x7f1103ee
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/spring = 0x7f0901af
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/contiguous = 0x7f090085
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/contentPanel = 0x7f090084
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/content = 0x7f090083
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.Material3.Chip.Filter = 0x7f110365
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/container = 0x7f090082
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/constraint = 0x7f090081
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/compress = 0x7f09007f
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/collapseActionView = 0x7f09007e
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.Material3.Chip.Input.Icon = 0x7f110369
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/closest = 0x7f09007d
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/clockwise = 0x7f09007c
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/clip_vertical = 0x7f09007b
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/clip_horizontal = 0x7f09007a
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/clear_text = 0x7f090079
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:layout/material_timepicker_dialog = 0x7f0c0044
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/checked = 0x7f090076
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/checkbox = 0x7f090075
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_switch_disabled_unselected_track_color = 0x7f0d011f
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/chains = 0x7f090074
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/chain2 = 0x7f090073
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/chain = 0x7f090072
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/center_vertical = 0x7f090071
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/centerInside = 0x7f09006f
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/centerCrop = 0x7f09006e
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.AppCompat.Light.PopupMenu = 0x7f110310
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/center = 0x7f09006d
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.Material3.Button.TextButton.Icon = 0x7f11035a
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/carryVelocity = 0x7f09006c
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_search_view_header_trailing_icon_color = 0x7f0d00fa
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/cancel_button = 0x7f09006b
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/buttonPanel = 0x7f090068
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/btnSaveCarro = 0x7f090067
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/btnEdit = 0x7f090066
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/btnDelete = 0x7f090065
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/btnClearCarro = 0x7f090064
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.Material3.Chip.Input = 0x7f110367
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/btnCancelCarro = 0x7f090063
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/btnAddCarro = 0x7f090062
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/bounceStart = 0x7f090061
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/bounceEnd = 0x7f090060
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/bounceBoth = 0x7f09005f
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/blocking = 0x7f09005c
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/beginOnFirstDraw = 0x7f090059
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:styleable/GradientColorItem = 0x7f12003c
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/autoCompleteToStart = 0x7f090056
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/auto = 0x7f090053
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/async = 0x7f090052
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Base.Theme.MaterialComponents.Dialog.Bridge = 0x7f11006a
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_primary_navigation_tab_inactive_hover_state_layer_color = 0x7f0d00d0
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/arc = 0x7f090050
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/anticipate = 0x7f09004f
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/antiClockwise = 0x7f09004e
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_navigation_drawer_inactive_pressed_icon_color = 0x7f0d0091
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/mtrl_calendar_year_vertical_padding = 0x7f070293
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/action_menu_divider = 0x7f09003e
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/mtrl_btn_snackbar_margin_horizontal = 0x7f070264
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/action_bar_subtitle = 0x7f090038
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/action_bar_root = 0x7f090036
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.Material3.BottomNavigation.Badge = 0x7f110346
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/action_bar_activity_content = 0x7f090034
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_light_outline = 0x7f0601ae
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/action_bar = 0x7f090033
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.DayNight.Dialog.MinWidth.Bridge = 0x7f110252
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_ref_palette_secondary80 = 0x7f06013f
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/actionUp = 0x7f090032
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/actionDown = 0x7f090030
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/accessibility_custom_action_8 = 0x7f09002e
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/accessibility_custom_action_5 = 0x7f09002b
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/accessibility_custom_action_3 = 0x7f090027
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/accessibility_custom_action_28 = 0x7f090025
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/accessibility_custom_action_27 = 0x7f090024
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/accessibility_custom_action_26 = 0x7f090023
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/accessibility_custom_action_25 = 0x7f090022
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/ShapeAppearanceOverlay.MaterialComponents.FloatingActionButton = 0x7f11018e
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/bright_foreground_material_light = 0x7f060027
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/accessibility_custom_action_24 = 0x7f090021
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/actionBarSize = 0x7f040005
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/accessibility_custom_action_23 = 0x7f090020
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/accessibility_custom_action_20 = 0x7f09001d
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_secondary_navigation_tab_pressed_state_layer_color = 0x7f0d0102
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/mtrl_motion_snapshot_view = 0x7f090134
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/notification_icon_bg_color = 0x7f0602ee
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_comp_outlined_autocomplete_menu_container_elevation = 0x7f07014f
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/accessibility_custom_action_15 = 0x7f090017
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/accessibility_custom_action_13 = 0x7f090015
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/accessibility_custom_action_11 = 0x7f090013
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Tooltip = 0x7f1101af
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/accessibility_custom_action_0 = 0x7f090010
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/cradle = 0x7f09008a
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/accessibility_action_clickable_span = 0x7f09000f
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/accelerate = 0x7f09000e
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/SYM = 0x7f09000b
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.TextInputEditText.FilledBox = 0x7f1102b6
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/strokeColor = 0x7f0403f4
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/NO_DEBUG = 0x7f090006
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/FUNCTION = 0x7f090004
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/BOTTOM_START = 0x7f090002
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.NavigationRailView.PrimarySurface = 0x7f110431
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/tag_accessibility_actions = 0x7f0901c1
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/ALT = 0x7f090000
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/mtrl_extended_fab_translation_z_base = 0x7f0702ad
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:drawable/tooltip_frame_dark = 0x7f0800e4
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Base.Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.Dialog.Alert = 0x7f110073
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:layout/mtrl_picker_fullscreen = 0x7f0c005c
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:drawable/notification_tile_bg = 0x7f0800e1
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/abc_tint_default = 0x7f060014
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/displayOptions = 0x7f04017b
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_secondary0 = 0x7f0600dd
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:drawable/notification_template_icon_low_bg = 0x7f0800e0
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/bright_foreground_inverse_material_dark = 0x7f060024
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:drawable/notification_bg_normal_pressed = 0x7f0800dc
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:drawable/material_ic_menu_arrow_down_black_24dp = 0x7f0800ae
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:drawable/notification_bg_normal = 0x7f0800db
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:drawable/mtrl_switch_thumb_unchecked_pressed = 0x7f0800d1
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.AppCompat.DropDownItem.Spinner = 0x7f1102fb
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:drawable/mtrl_switch_thumb_unchecked_checked = 0x7f0800d0
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/elastic = 0x7f0900b3
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/cornerSizeTopRight = 0x7f040156
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:drawable/mtrl_switch_thumb_unchecked = 0x7f0800cf
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:drawable/mtrl_switch_thumb_pressed_checked = 0x7f0800cd
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:drawable/mtrl_switch_thumb_checked_pressed = 0x7f0800ca
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/month_title = 0x7f090126
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:drawable/mtrl_switch_thumb = 0x7f0800c8
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_searchbar_margin_horizontal = 0x7f0701d5
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:drawable/mtrl_popupmenu_background_overlay = 0x7f0800c7
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/mtrl_anchor_parent = 0x7f090128
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:drawable/mtrl_ic_indeterminate = 0x7f0800c4
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/navigation_bar_item_icon_view = 0x7f090142
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/mtrl_navigation_bar_colored_item_tint = 0x7f0602d1
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/SHOW_PROGRESS = 0x7f09000a
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:drawable/mtrl_ic_error = 0x7f0800c3
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.DynamicColors.DayNight = 0x7f110299
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:drawable/mtrl_dropdown_arrow = 0x7f0800bc
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/material_bottom_sheet_max_width = 0x7f07021b
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:drawable/mtrl_checkbox_button_icon = 0x7f0800b3
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/RtlOverlay.Widget.AppCompat.Search.DropDown = 0x7f11014d
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:integer/m3_sys_motion_duration_short1 = 0x7f0a001b
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/design_navigation_separator_vertical_padding = 0x7f07007d
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:drawable/material_ic_keyboard_arrow_next_black_24dp = 0x7f0800ab
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:styleable/AppBarLayoutStates = 0x7f12000b
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:drawable/material_ic_clear_black_24dp = 0x7f0800a8
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/mtrl_btn_text_color_disabled = 0x7f0602bb
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:drawable/m3_tabs_line_indicator = 0x7f0800a3
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/mtrl_bottomappbar_fab_cradle_rounded_corner_radius = 0x7f070250
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:drawable/m3_password_eye = 0x7f08009e
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.FloatingActionButton.Secondary = 0x7f1102a0
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/menu = 0x7f04030b
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:drawable/m3_avd_hide_password = 0x7f08009b
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/TextAppearance.Design.Suffix = 0x7f1101d1
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/buttonIconTint = 0x7f040093
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:drawable/ic_mtrl_chip_close_circle = 0x7f080099
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_light_on_surface_variant = 0x7f0601ab
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:drawable/ic_m3_chip_checked_circle = 0x7f080094
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:drawable/ic_launcher_foreground = 0x7f080092
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/easeInOut = 0x7f0900ad
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:drawable/ic_launcher_background = 0x7f080091
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:animator/m3_elevated_chip_state_list_anim = 0x7f02000f
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:drawable/ic_keyboard_black_24dp = 0x7f080090
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.Light = 0x7f1102a5
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:drawable/ic_clear_black_24 = 0x7f08008e
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/ShapeAppearance.Material3.Corner.Medium = 0x7f110172
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:drawable/ic_call_answer = 0x7f080088
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:drawable/design_snackbar_background = 0x7f080086
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:drawable/design_ic_visibility = 0x7f080083
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:drawable/btn_checkbox_unchecked_to_checked_mtrl_animation = 0x7f08007d
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:drawable/btn_checkbox_unchecked_mtrl = 0x7f08007c
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/itemMaxLines = 0x7f04024a
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:drawable/avd_show_password = 0x7f080079
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_sys_color_secondary_fixed = 0x7f0601f5
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:drawable/abc_vector_test = 0x7f080077
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_comp_fab_primary_large_container_height = 0x7f07011c
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:drawable/abc_textfield_search_activated_mtrl_alpha = 0x7f080074
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/material_clock_period_pm_button = 0x7f09010f
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/showText = 0x7f0403c3
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:drawable/ic_search_black_24 = 0x7f08009a
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/showMotionSpec = 0x7f0403c1
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:drawable/abc_textfield_default_mtrl_alpha = 0x7f080073
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:drawable/abc_text_select_handle_right_mtrl = 0x7f080071
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:drawable/abc_text_select_handle_left_mtrl = 0x7f08006f
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Caption = 0x7f110197
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:drawable/abc_tab_indicator_mtrl_alpha = 0x7f08006d
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:drawable/abc_switch_thumb_material = 0x7f08006a
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.Toolbar.Surface = 0x7f1102ba
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:string/material_timepicker_am = 0x7f100065
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/rectangles = 0x7f090179
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/action_mode_close_button = 0x7f090042
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_comp_switch_disabled_track_opacity = 0x7f07018b
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:drawable/abc_star_black_48dp = 0x7f080068
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:drawable/abc_spinner_mtrl_am_alpha = 0x7f080066
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Base.V14.Theme.MaterialComponents.Dialog.Bridge = 0x7f110094
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_date_picker_modal_date_selected_label_text_color = 0x7f0d0012
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:drawable/abc_seekbar_track_material = 0x7f080065
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:drawable/abc_seekbar_tick_mark_material = 0x7f080064
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.Material3.CardView.Outlined = 0x7f110361
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_dark_on_error_container = 0x7f060183
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:drawable/abc_scrubber_control_to_pressed_mtrl_000 = 0x7f08005f
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/ShapeAppearance.Material3.NavigationBarView.ActiveIndicator = 0x7f110177
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:drawable/abc_ratingbar_material = 0x7f08005c
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/buttonBarNeutralButtonStyle = 0x7f04008c
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:drawable/abc_menu_hardkey_panel_mtrl_mult = 0x7f080059
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_appbar_scrim_height_trigger_medium = 0x7f0700a8
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:drawable/abc_list_selector_holo_dark = 0x7f080057
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:drawable/abc_list_selector_background_transition_holo_light = 0x7f080054
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_outlined_text_field_caret_color = 0x7f0d00b3
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:drawable/abc_list_selector_background_transition_holo_dark = 0x7f080053
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/material_dynamic_secondary20 = 0x7f06024b
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:drawable/abc_list_pressed_holo_light = 0x7f080052
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.FloatingActionButton = 0x7f110410
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:drawable/abc_list_longpressed_holo = 0x7f080050
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/mtrl_progress_circular_size_extra_small = 0x7f0702d4
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:drawable/abc_list_focused_holo = 0x7f08004f
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:drawable/abc_list_divider_material = 0x7f08004d
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:drawable/abc_item_background_holo_light = 0x7f08004c
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/ratingBarStyleSmall = 0x7f040391
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:drawable/abc_item_background_holo_dark = 0x7f08004b
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:drawable/abc_ic_menu_share_mtrl_alpha = 0x7f080048
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/currentState = 0x7f04015e
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:drawable/abc_ic_menu_overflow_material = 0x7f080045
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:drawable/abc_ic_menu_copy_mtrl_am_alpha = 0x7f080043
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.CompoundButton.Switch = 0x7f1100d7
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/defaultScrollFlagsEnabled = 0x7f040173
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:drawable/abc_ic_commit_search_api_mtrl_alpha = 0x7f080041
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:drawable/abc_ic_clear_material = 0x7f080040
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:drawable/abc_ic_ab_back_material = 0x7f08003e
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/compatShadowEnabled = 0x7f040130
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:drawable/abc_edit_text_material = 0x7f08003d
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:drawable/abc_cab_background_internal_bg = 0x7f080038
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_primary30 = 0x7f0600d4
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:drawable/abc_btn_switch_to_on_mtrl_00012 = 0x7f080037
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_comp_navigation_rail_icon_size = 0x7f07014d
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:drawable/abc_btn_radio_material_anim = 0x7f080033
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:styleable/CircularProgressIndicator = 0x7f12001f
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Theme.AppCompat.CompactMenu = 0x7f11020c
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:drawable/abc_btn_colored_material = 0x7f080030
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:drawable/abc_btn_check_to_on_mtrl_000 = 0x7f08002e
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:drawable/abc_btn_check_material = 0x7f08002c
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/mtrl_calendar_year_corner = 0x7f070290
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:drawable/abc_ab_share_pack_mtrl_alpha = 0x7f080029
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:drawable/$mtrl_switch_thumb_unchecked_pressed__0 = 0x7f080028
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:string/mtrl_picker_invalid_format = 0x7f100087
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:drawable/$mtrl_switch_thumb_checked_unchecked__0 = 0x7f080022
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:styleable/MotionEffect = 0x7f120063
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:drawable/$mtrl_switch_thumb_checked_pressed__0 = 0x7f080021
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:drawable/$mtrl_checkbox_button_unchecked_checked__1 = 0x7f08001f
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:drawable/$mtrl_checkbox_button_icon_unchecked_checked__2 = 0x7f08001a
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:drawable/$mtrl_checkbox_button_icon_indeterminate_unchecked__2 = 0x7f080017
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_comp_switch_selected_pressed_state_layer_opacity = 0x7f070190
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:drawable/$mtrl_checkbox_button_icon_indeterminate_unchecked__1 = 0x7f080016
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/materialCalendarHeaderCancelButton = 0x7f0402dd
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:drawable/$mtrl_checkbox_button_icon_indeterminate_checked__0 = 0x7f080014
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:drawable/$mtrl_checkbox_button_icon_checked_indeterminate__0 = 0x7f080010
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_comp_secondary_navigation_tab_focus_state_layer_opacity = 0x7f070175
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/actionModeCloseContentDescription = 0x7f040014
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:drawable/$mtrl_checkbox_button_checked_unchecked__1 = 0x7f08000e
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Theme.Design.NoActionBar = 0x7f110226
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/itemStrokeWidth = 0x7f040259
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:drawable/$avd_show_password__1 = 0x7f080004
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.Dark.ActionBar = 0x7f110292
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:drawable/$avd_show_password__0 = 0x7f080003
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_slider_disabled_handle_color = 0x7f0d010e
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/isMaterial3Theme = 0x7f040240
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:drawable/$avd_hide_password__2 = 0x7f080002
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/tooltip_y_offset_touch = 0x7f07031b
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/materialCalendarHeaderDivider = 0x7f0402df
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/tooltip_precise_anchor_threshold = 0x7f070318
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/notification_small_icon_size_as_large = 0x7f070310
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/mtrl_card_dragged_z = 0x7f070298
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/notification_small_icon_background_padding = 0x7f07030f
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Theme.AppCompat.Dialog = 0x7f110214
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/notification_right_side_padding_top = 0x7f07030e
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/trackColorActive = 0x7f0404a3
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/action_bar_spinner = 0x7f090037
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/notification_right_icon_size = 0x7f07030d
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/layout_constraintHeight_min = 0x7f040288
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/notification_large_icon_height = 0x7f070309
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/notification_main_column_padding_top = 0x7f07030b
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/flow_verticalStyle = 0x7f0401f9
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/material_textinput_min_width = 0x7f07023d
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/accessibility_custom_action_4 = 0x7f09002a
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/circularflow_angles = 0x7f0400d4
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/notification_action_text_size = 0x7f070306
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/mtrl_tooltip_cornerSize = 0x7f070300
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/mtrl_textinput_start_icon_margin_end = 0x7f0702fd
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/abc_search_url_text_selected = 0x7f060010
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/material_dynamic_primary0 = 0x7f06023b
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:drawable/mtrl_switch_track_decoration = 0x7f0800d3
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/mtrl_textinput_end_icon_margin_start = 0x7f0702fb
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/TextAppearance.M3.Sys.Typescale.DisplayLarge = 0x7f1101d6
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/mtrl_textinput_box_stroke_width_default = 0x7f0702f8
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/mtrl_textinput_box_label_cutout_padding = 0x7f0702f7
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/mtrl_textinput_box_corner_radius_medium = 0x7f0702f5
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/mtrl_switch_track_height = 0x7f0702f3
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/mtrl_snackbar_message_margin_horizontal = 0x7f0702ed
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/layout_constraintRight_toLeftOf = 0x7f040291
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/mtrl_snackbar_background_overlay_color_alpha = 0x7f0702eb
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/mtrl_snackbar_background_corner_radius = 0x7f0702ea
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/mtrl_slider_widget_height = 0x7f0702e8
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/boxCornerRadiusTopStart = 0x7f040084
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_navigation_item_text_color = 0x7f060097
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/mtrl_slider_tick_radius = 0x7f0702e5
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/actionModeStyle = 0x7f04001e
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:drawable/$mtrl_checkbox_button_icon_checked_unchecked__1 = 0x7f080012
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/subtitleTextAppearance = 0x7f0403fe
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/mtrl_slider_thumb_radius = 0x7f0702e4
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.AppCompat.CompoundButton.CheckBox = 0x7f1102f7
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_dark_error = 0x7f06017c
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/mtrl_slider_thumb_elevation = 0x7f0702e3
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/mtrl_slider_label_square_side = 0x7f0702e2
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:layout/material_timepicker = 0x7f0c0043
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/mtrl_progress_indicator_full_rounded_corner_radius = 0x7f0702da
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/mtrl_progress_circular_size_medium = 0x7f0702d5
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_radio_button_unselected_focus_state_layer_color = 0x7f0d00e1
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/mtrl_progress_circular_size = 0x7f0702d3
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/mtrl_progress_circular_radius = 0x7f0702d2
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/flow_verticalBias = 0x7f0401f7
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:drawable/btn_radio_off_mtrl = 0x7f08007e
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/accessibility_custom_action_21 = 0x7f09001e
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/pressed = 0x7f090174
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/mtrl_progress_circular_inset = 0x7f0702ce
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.Material3.ExtendedFloatingActionButton.Icon.Primary = 0x7f11037a
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.Material3.Button.TextButton.Dialog = 0x7f110357
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/mtrl_navigation_rail_text_bottom_margin = 0x7f0702cc
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.HarmonizedColors = 0x7f1102a3
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/mtrl_navigation_rail_default_width = 0x7f0702c7
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/mtrl_navigation_rail_compact_width = 0x7f0702c6
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:layout/m3_side_sheet_dialog = 0x7f0c0037
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/titleCentered = 0x7f040486
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/mtrl_navigation_item_shape_vertical_margin = 0x7f0702c4
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_sys_color_dark_background = 0x7f060159
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/mtrl_navigation_item_horizontal_padding = 0x7f0702c0
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/notification_action_color_filter = 0x7f0602ed
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/mtrl_min_touch_target_size = 0x7f0702bc
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/mtrl_low_ripple_default_alpha = 0x7f0702b8
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:interpolator/m3_sys_motion_easing_linear = 0x7f0b000a
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/mtrl_high_ripple_hovered_alpha = 0x7f0702b6
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/mtrl_high_ripple_default_alpha = 0x7f0702b4
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_time_picker_time_selector_selected_container_color = 0x7f0d0161
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/mtrl_extended_fab_translation_z_hovered_focused = 0x7f0702ae
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/design_tab_max_width = 0x7f070089
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/mtrl_extended_fab_start_padding = 0x7f0702aa
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_filled_text_field_container_shape = 0x7f0d004d
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/mtrl_extended_fab_icon_text_spacing = 0x7f0702a7
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/mtrl_extended_fab_end_padding = 0x7f0702a4
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/mtrl_extended_fab_elevation = 0x7f0702a3
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/mtrl_extended_fab_disabled_elevation = 0x7f0702a1
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_primary_navigation_tab_inactive_pressed_state_layer_color = 0x7f0d00d1
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/mtrl_exposed_dropdown_menu_popup_vertical_offset = 0x7f07029e
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/mtrl_chip_text_size = 0x7f07029c
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/mtrl_card_elevation = 0x7f070299
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_timepicker_display_ripple_color = 0x7f06020c
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral6 = 0x7f0600ac
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/mtrl_calendar_year_width = 0x7f070294
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/mtrl_calendar_year_height = 0x7f070291
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/singleLine = 0x7f0403cd
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/mtrl_calendar_title_baseline_to_top = 0x7f07028e
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/material_personalized_color_on_surface_inverse = 0x7f060287
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/materialAlertDialogTitleTextStyle = 0x7f0402d6
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:drawable/$mtrl_checkbox_button_icon_unchecked_indeterminate__1 = 0x7f08001c
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_navigation_drawer_active_indicator_color = 0x7f0d0082
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/mtrl_calendar_selection_text_baseline_to_top = 0x7f07028c
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:animator/m3_card_elevated_state_list_anim = 0x7f02000c
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:drawable/notification_bg_low = 0x7f0800d8
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/mtrl_calendar_selection_baseline_to_top_fullscreen = 0x7f070289
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:string/abc_menu_meta_shortcut_label = 0x7f10000d
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:drawable/abc_ic_menu_cut_mtrl_alpha = 0x7f080044
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/mtrl_calendar_navigation_top_padding = 0x7f070287
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:animator/design_fab_show_motion_spec = 0x7f020002
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/material_dynamic_color_light_error_container = 0x7f06021e
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/mtrl_calendar_navigation_height = 0x7f070286
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/mtrl_calendar_month_horizontal_padding = 0x7f070283
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/mtrl_calendar_maximum_default_fullscreen_minor_axis = 0x7f070282
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/mtrl_calendar_content_padding = 0x7f07026f
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/mtrl_calendar_landscape_header_width = 0x7f070281
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/mtrl_calendar_header_text_padding = 0x7f07027e
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:string/m3_ref_typeface_plain_regular = 0x7f10004a
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/mtrl_calendar_header_selection_line_height = 0x7f07027d
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/motionDurationMedium2 = 0x7f040324
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:drawable/notification_action_background = 0x7f0800d6
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Platform.MaterialComponents = 0x7f110138
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:string/abc_prepend_shortcut_label = 0x7f100011
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/dialog_button = 0x7f09009b
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/mtrl_fab_translation_z_hovered_focused = 0x7f0702b2
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/layout_constraintTop_toTopOf = 0x7f040298
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/theme = 0x7f04046b
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/mtrl_calendar_header_height_fullscreen = 0x7f07027c
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:string/searchview_navigation_content_description = 0x7f1000b2
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/mtrl_calendar_header_height = 0x7f07027b
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/textSpacerNoTitle = 0x7f0901d2
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/mtrl_calendar_header_divider_thickness = 0x7f07027a
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.ExtendedFloatingActionButton.Tertiary = 0x7f11029e
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:drawable/abc_scrubber_control_to_pressed_mtrl_005 = 0x7f080060
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:anim/abc_grow_fade_in_from_bottom = 0x7f010002
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/mtrl_calendar_header_content_padding = 0x7f070278
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:interpolator/m3_sys_motion_easing_emphasized_accelerate = 0x7f0b0008
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/mtrl_calendar_day_vertical_padding = 0x7f070274
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/drawableSize = 0x7f04018c
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/mtrl_calendar_day_horizontal_padding = 0x7f070272
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/mtrl_calendar_day_corner = 0x7f070270
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/customDimension = 0x7f040165
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/actions = 0x7f090044
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/materialButtonToggleGroupStyle = 0x7f0402d9
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/mtrl_calendar_bottom_padding = 0x7f07026e
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/TextAppearance.M3.Sys.Typescale.TitleLarge = 0x7f1101df
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:drawable/abc_tab_indicator_material = 0x7f08006c
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/leftToRight = 0x7f0900f3
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/badgeWithTextShapeAppearance = 0x7f040060
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/wavePhase = 0x7f0404c9
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/mtrl_calendar_action_padding = 0x7f07026d
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/mtrl_calendar_action_height = 0x7f07026c
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_bottom_app_bar_container_color = 0x7f0d0005
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/mtrl_calendar_action_confirm_button_min_width = 0x7f07026b
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/mtrl_btn_z = 0x7f07026a
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/mtrl_btn_text_btn_padding_left = 0x7f070267
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_sys_elevation_level3 = 0x7f0701ed
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/mtrl_btn_text_btn_icon_padding = 0x7f070266
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_sys_color_light_on_surface_variant = 0x7f0601d9
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/material_dynamic_neutral80 = 0x7f06022a
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/mtrl_slider_label_padding = 0x7f0702e0
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.DropDownItem = 0x7f11003d
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/mtrl_btn_padding_top = 0x7f070262
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/mtrl_btn_padding_right = 0x7f070261
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/mtrl_btn_max_width = 0x7f07025e
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/mtrl_btn_letter_spacing = 0x7f07025d
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/mtrl_btn_inset = 0x7f07025c
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_sys_color_light_on_error_container = 0x7f0601d3
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/abc_action_bar_stacked_tab_max_width = 0x7f07000a
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/mtrl_btn_icon_padding = 0x7f07025b
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.Material3.AutoCompleteTextView.OutlinedBox.Dense = 0x7f110340
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/mtrl_card_checked_icon_size = 0x7f070296
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/CTRL = 0x7f090003
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_filled_icon_button_container_color = 0x7f0d0049
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/layout_constraintHeight_percent = 0x7f040289
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/mtrl_btn_icon_btn_padding_left = 0x7f07025a
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:drawable/$mtrl_checkbox_button_unchecked_checked__2 = 0x7f080020
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/mtrl_navigation_rail_icon_size = 0x7f0702ca
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_outlined_button_focus_outline_color = 0x7f0d00a7
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:anim/abc_slide_out_bottom = 0x7f010008
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/mtrl_btn_hovered_z = 0x7f070259
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/expandedTitleMarginBottom = 0x7f0401bc
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/mtrl_btn_focused_z = 0x7f070258
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.Material3.CheckedTextView = 0x7f110362
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/mtrl_btn_disabled_z = 0x7f070256
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_comp_fab_primary_hover_container_elevation = 0x7f070119
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/mtrl_btn_corner_radius = 0x7f070253
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.Design.Snackbar = 0x7f110336
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/mtrl_fab_elevation = 0x7f0702b0
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:drawable/navigation_empty_icon = 0x7f0800d5
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/mtrl_bottomappbar_height = 0x7f070252
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/open_search_view_toolbar_container = 0x7f090162
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/mtrl_bottomappbar_fab_cradle_margin = 0x7f07024f
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/mtrl_bottomappbar_fab_bottom_margin = 0x7f07024e
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_badge_with_text_offset = 0x7f0700b8
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/mtrl_bottomappbar_fabOffsetEndMode = 0x7f07024d
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:drawable/ic_mtrl_chip_checked_circle = 0x7f080098
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/mtrl_badge_with_text_size = 0x7f07024c
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.Material3.MaterialCalendar.Day.Invalid = 0x7f110393
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/material_on_surface_emphasis_high_type = 0x7f060274
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/mtrl_badge_long_text_horizontal_padding = 0x7f070246
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/mtrl_alert_dialog_background_inset_top = 0x7f070243
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/compat_notification_large_icon_max_height = 0x7f07005b
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/mtrl_alert_dialog_background_inset_end = 0x7f070241
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/minHideDelay = 0x7f040310
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_sys_elevation_level0 = 0x7f0701ea
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/material_time_picker_minimum_screen_width = 0x7f07023f
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/MaterialAlertDialog.Material3.Title.Icon = 0x7f110126
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/material_textinput_max_width = 0x7f07023c
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_dynamic_dark_hint_foreground = 0x7f060081
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/material_helper_text_font_1_3_padding_top = 0x7f070239
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.ActionBar.Menu = 0x7f110032
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/material_font_2_0_box_collapsed_padding_top = 0x7f070236
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:drawable/m3_tabs_rounded_line_indicator = 0x7f0800a4
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/mtrl_badge_size = 0x7f070247
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/material_filled_edittext_font_2_0_padding_bottom = 0x7f070233
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/textAppearanceBodySmall = 0x7f04042f
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/material_filled_edittext_font_1_3_padding_top = 0x7f070232
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:styleable/OnClick = 0x7f12006d
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/material_emphasis_high_type = 0x7f07022f
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_icon_button_selected_icon_color = 0x7f0d005a
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/material_cursor_width = 0x7f07022b
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/material_clock_period_toggle_width = 0x7f070228
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/mtrl_slider_track_height = 0x7f0702e6
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Button = 0x7f110196
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/customFloatValue = 0x7f040166
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/material_clock_hand_center_dot_radius = 0x7f070221
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/material_clock_display_padding = 0x7f07021d
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_timepicker_window_elevation = 0x7f070219
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_sys_state_focus_state_layer_opacity = 0x7f070215
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_sys_motion_easing_standard_decelerate_control_y1 = 0x7f070212
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Animation.AppCompat.DropDownUp = 0x7f110003
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_sys_motion_easing_standard_decelerate_control_x1 = 0x7f070210
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.Switch = 0x7f110041
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/chipGroupStyle = 0x7f0400c1
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_sys_motion_easing_standard_accelerate_control_x2 = 0x7f070209
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/itemPaddingTop = 0x7f04024e
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/placeholder_emptyVisibility = 0x7f04037a
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/materialCalendarFullscreenTheme = 0x7f0402dc
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_sys_motion_easing_standard_accelerate_control_x1 = 0x7f070208
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_primary_navigation_tab_active_focus_state_layer_color = 0x7f0d00ca
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/material_helper_text_default_padding_top = 0x7f070237
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_sys_motion_easing_legacy_decelerate_control_y2 = 0x7f070203
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_sys_motion_easing_legacy_decelerate_control_y1 = 0x7f070202
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:string/material_timepicker_select_time = 0x7f10006a
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_sys_motion_easing_legacy_decelerate_control_x2 = 0x7f070201
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_searchbar_text_margin_start_no_navigation_icon = 0x7f0701d9
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_sys_motion_easing_legacy_accelerate_control_x1 = 0x7f0701f8
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_comp_radio_button_disabled_selected_icon_opacity = 0x7f070164
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/design_bottom_navigation_margin = 0x7f070068
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_sys_motion_easing_emphasized_decelerate_control_x2 = 0x7f0701f5
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/logoAdjustViewBounds = 0x7f0402ca
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_sys_motion_easing_emphasized_decelerate_control_x1 = 0x7f0701f4
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Platform.V25.AppCompat = 0x7f110141
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_navigation_rail_container_color = 0x7f0d009c
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_navigation_bar_inactive_pressed_label_text_color = 0x7f0d0078
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_sys_motion_easing_emphasized_accelerate_control_y2 = 0x7f0701f3
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_sys_motion_easing_emphasized_accelerate_control_y1 = 0x7f0701f2
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Base.ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.Dialog = 0x7f110084
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/material_dynamic_neutral_variant99 = 0x7f06023a
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/compat_control_corner_material = 0x7f07005a
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_sys_motion_easing_emphasized_accelerate_control_x2 = 0x7f0701f1
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.Material3.TextInputLayout.FilledBox = 0x7f1103d2
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_sys_motion_easing_emphasized_accelerate_control_x1 = 0x7f0701f0
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.Light.ActionBar.TabBar = 0x7f1100df
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_light_background = 0x7f06019d
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/abc_star_big = 0x7f07003b
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/material_clock_period_toggle_vertical_gap = 0x7f070227
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/material_on_background_emphasis_medium = 0x7f06026f
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/material_clock_face_margin_bottom = 0x7f07021f
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/alertTitle = 0x7f090047
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/motionDurationShort4 = 0x7f04032a
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_snackbar_margin = 0x7f0701e9
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_slider_thumb_elevation = 0x7f0701e5
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_navigation_bar_inactive_pressed_icon_color = 0x7f0d0077
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_slider_inactive_track_height = 0x7f0701e4
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/mtrl_switch_text_padding = 0x7f0702ef
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_side_sheet_width = 0x7f0701e1
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_side_sheet_standard_elevation = 0x7f0701e0
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_side_sheet_modal_elevation = 0x7f0701df
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_ref_palette_neutral6 = 0x7f060110
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_searchview_height = 0x7f0701dd
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_searchview_divider_size = 0x7f0701db
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_searchbar_padding_start = 0x7f0701d8
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_ripple_selectable_pressed_alpha = 0x7f0701d2
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Tooltip = 0x7f110031
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:string/error_icon_content_description = 0x7f100032
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/action_bar_title = 0x7f090039
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/abc_decor_view_status_guard_light = 0x7f060006
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_ripple_pressed_alpha = 0x7f0701d1
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/material_helper_text_font_1_3_padding_horizontal = 0x7f070238
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/bright_foreground_material_dark = 0x7f060026
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_ripple_hovered_alpha = 0x7f0701d0
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_comp_switch_disabled_unselected_icon_opacity = 0x7f07018d
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:drawable/mtrl_switch_thumb_pressed_unchecked = 0x7f0800ce
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_ripple_focused_alpha = 0x7f0701cf
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_navigation_rail_item_padding_top_with_large_font = 0x7f0701cd
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:styleable/MaterialShape = 0x7f120058
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:string/material_hour_suffix = 0x7f10005a
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_dark_primary = 0x7f06018e
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_navigation_rail_item_padding_bottom_with_large_font = 0x7f0701cb
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_searchbar_text_size = 0x7f0701da
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_navigation_rail_item_padding_bottom = 0x7f0701ca
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/design_bottom_navigation_label_padding = 0x7f070067
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_navigation_rail_item_min_height = 0x7f0701c9
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/TextAppearance.M3.Sys.Typescale.TitleMedium = 0x7f1101e0
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_navigation_rail_item_active_indicator_width = 0x7f0701c8
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:drawable/m3_popupmenu_background_overlay = 0x7f08009f
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_navigation_rail_item_active_indicator_margin_horizontal = 0x7f0701c7
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_navigation_rail_icon_size = 0x7f0701c5
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_secondary70 = 0x7f0600e5
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_navigation_rail_default_width = 0x7f0701c3
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_navigation_item_vertical_padding = 0x7f0701c0
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/TextAppearance.Material3.ActionBar.Subtitle = 0x7f1101e2
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/dragClockwise = 0x7f0900a4
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_navigation_item_shape_inset_top = 0x7f0701bf
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral_variant92 = 0x7f0600ca
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_navigation_item_shape_inset_bottom = 0x7f0701bc
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/submitBackground = 0x7f0403fb
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_nav_badge_with_text_vertical_offset = 0x7f0701b7
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_large_fab_size = 0x7f0701b4
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_fab_primary_large_container_shape = 0x7f0d003a
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_small_fab_max_image_size = 0x7f0701e6
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_large_fab_max_image_size = 0x7f0701b3
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_fab_translation_z_hovered_focused = 0x7f0701b1
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:layout/mtrl_calendar_day = 0x7f0c004d
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/mtrl_snackbar_padding_horizontal = 0x7f0702ee
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_fab_border_width = 0x7f0701af
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/action_image = 0x7f09003d
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_extended_fab_icon_padding = 0x7f0701ab
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_extended_fab_end_padding = 0x7f0701aa
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_datepicker_elevation = 0x7f0701a7
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_comp_top_app_bar_small_on_scroll_container_elevation = 0x7f0701a6
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/colorOnErrorContainer = 0x7f040100
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_comp_top_app_bar_small_container_height = 0x7f0701a5
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_comp_top_app_bar_medium_container_height = 0x7f0701a3
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_text_button_pressed_state_layer_color = 0x7f0d0147
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_comp_divider_thickness = 0x7f070108
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_comp_time_picker_time_selector_hover_state_layer_opacity = 0x7f0701a0
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/accent_material_dark = 0x7f060019
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_comp_time_picker_time_selector_focus_state_layer_opacity = 0x7f07019f
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.AppCompat.SeekBar.Discrete = 0x7f110324
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_highlighted_text = 0x7f06008e
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_comp_time_picker_period_selector_pressed_state_layer_opacity = 0x7f07019e
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_comp_time_picker_period_selector_hover_state_layer_opacity = 0x7f07019c
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/mtrl_navigation_item_icon_tint = 0x7f0602d6
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_comp_time_picker_period_selector_focus_state_layer_opacity = 0x7f07019b
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.Material3.AutoCompleteTextView.FilledBox = 0x7f11033d
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_light_on_background = 0x7f0601a3
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_comp_time_picker_container_elevation = 0x7f07019a
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/material_dynamic_neutral20 = 0x7f060224
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_comp_text_button_pressed_state_layer_opacity = 0x7f070198
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/textSpacerNoButtons = 0x7f0901d1
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/header_title = 0x7f0900d6
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_comp_switch_unselected_hover_state_layer_opacity = 0x7f070194
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_comp_switch_track_height = 0x7f070191
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_comp_switch_selected_hover_state_layer_opacity = 0x7f07018f
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Base.ThemeOverlay.Material3.TextInputEditText = 0x7f110083
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/hint_pressed_alpha_material_light = 0x7f070099
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_comp_switch_selected_focus_state_layer_opacity = 0x7f07018e
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/endIconMode = 0x7f0401a6
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_comp_switch_disabled_selected_icon_opacity = 0x7f07018a
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_comp_switch_disabled_selected_handle_opacity = 0x7f070189
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_ref_palette_primary50 = 0x7f06012f
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_comp_suggestion_chip_flat_outline_width = 0x7f070187
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_sys_motion_easing_standard_accelerate_control_y2 = 0x7f07020b
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_comp_suggestion_chip_flat_container_elevation = 0x7f070186
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_comp_switch_unselected_pressed_state_layer_opacity = 0x7f070195
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_comp_slider_disabled_handle_opacity = 0x7f070180
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.TimePicker.Display.TextInputLayout = 0x7f110454
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Large = 0x7f110021
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:string/lbl_title_detalle_carro = 0x7f100044
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_navigation_drawer_active_hover_icon_color = 0x7f0d007e
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_comp_slider_disabled_active_track_opacity = 0x7f07017f
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_sys_color_light_on_primary_container = 0x7f0601d5
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_comp_sheet_side_docked_modal_container_elevation = 0x7f07017d
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/TextAppearance.Material3.HeadlineLarge = 0x7f1101ea
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:drawable/mtrl_checkbox_button_icon_indeterminate_unchecked = 0x7f0800b7
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_comp_sheet_bottom_docked_modal_container_elevation = 0x7f07017a
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/call_notification_answer_color = 0x7f06002a
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_comp_sheet_bottom_docked_drag_handle_width = 0x7f070179
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/textBackground = 0x7f040450
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/motionDurationMedium4 = 0x7f040326
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_comp_secondary_navigation_tab_pressed_state_layer_opacity = 0x7f070177
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.DayNight.Dialog.FixedSize = 0x7f11024f
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/fontProviderQuery = 0x7f040202
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_comp_secondary_navigation_tab_active_indicator_height = 0x7f070174
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/tooltip_corner_radius = 0x7f070314
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/filled = 0x7f0900c0
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_ref_palette_tertiary30 = 0x7f060147
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_sys_color_dark_surface = 0x7f060170
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_comp_search_bar_container_elevation = 0x7f07016d
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_comp_search_bar_avatar_size = 0x7f07016c
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_comp_radio_button_unselected_pressed_state_layer_opacity = 0x7f07016b
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/mtrl_shape_corner_size_small_component = 0x7f0702de
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.Dark.ActionBar = 0x7f1102c9
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_comp_radio_button_selected_pressed_state_layer_opacity = 0x7f070168
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/titleMargin = 0x7f040489
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/mtrl_extended_fab_end_padding_icon = 0x7f0702a5
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_comp_radio_button_selected_focus_state_layer_opacity = 0x7f070166
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Theme.AppCompat.Empty = 0x7f110218
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_comp_radio_button_disabled_unselected_icon_opacity = 0x7f070165
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_comp_primary_navigation_tab_inactive_pressed_state_layer_opacity = 0x7f070162
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:anim/btn_checkbox_to_unchecked_box_inner_merged_animation = 0x7f01000f
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:drawable/$mtrl_checkbox_button_icon_checked_unchecked__0 = 0x7f080011
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/abc_select_dialog_padding_start_material = 0x7f07003a
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_comp_primary_navigation_tab_inactive_hover_state_layer_opacity = 0x7f070161
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.AppCompat.Light.ActionButton = 0x7f110307
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_comp_primary_navigation_tab_active_pressed_state_layer_opacity = 0x7f07015f
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/action_mode_bar = 0x7f090040
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/tooltip_vertical_padding = 0x7f070319
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.AppCompat.ListView = 0x7f110316
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_comp_search_view_docked_header_container_height = 0x7f070172
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:string/abc_menu_function_shortcut_label = 0x7f10000c
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_comp_primary_navigation_tab_active_focus_state_layer_opacity = 0x7f07015c
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_comp_outlined_text_field_disabled_supporting_text_opacity = 0x7f070159
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.AutoCompleteTextView.FilledBox = 0x7f1103e6
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_time_input_time_input_field_label_text_color = 0x7f0d014a
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_comp_outlined_card_outline_width = 0x7f070155
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_comp_outlined_card_icon_size = 0x7f070154
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_comp_outlined_card_container_elevation = 0x7f070152
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.Material3.MaterialCalendar.Day.Today = 0x7f110395
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.MaterialAlertDialog.Centered = 0x7f1102d1
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_comp_outlined_button_outline_width = 0x7f070151
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_comp_outlined_button_disabled_outline_opacity = 0x7f070150
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_comp_navigation_rail_pressed_state_layer_opacity = 0x7f07014e
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/bright_foreground_inverse_material_light = 0x7f060025
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_comp_navigation_rail_hover_state_layer_opacity = 0x7f07014c
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_comp_navigation_rail_container_elevation = 0x7f070149
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_comp_navigation_rail_active_indicator_width = 0x7f070148
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_comp_navigation_rail_active_indicator_height = 0x7f070147
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_comp_navigation_drawer_standard_container_elevation = 0x7f070146
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_comp_navigation_drawer_focus_state_layer_opacity = 0x7f070141
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/actionOverflowButtonStyle = 0x7f040021
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_comp_navigation_bar_active_indicator_width = 0x7f070139
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/mtrl_btn_disabled_elevation = 0x7f070255
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_comp_menu_container_elevation = 0x7f070137
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_comp_input_chip_with_leading_icon_leading_icon_size = 0x7f070135
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_comp_input_chip_unselected_outline_width = 0x7f070133
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Theme.Material3.Dark.Dialog = 0x7f110229
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:drawable/abc_btn_check_material_anim = 0x7f08002d
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/androidx_core_secondary_text_default_material_light = 0x7f06001c
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_comp_input_chip_container_elevation = 0x7f070131
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/checkedIcon = 0x7f0400b5
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_comp_filter_chip_with_icon_icon_size = 0x7f070130
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/mtrl_navigation_rail_text_size = 0x7f0702cd
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/abc_search_view_preferred_height = 0x7f070036
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_comp_filter_chip_flat_unselected_outline_width = 0x7f07012f
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_comp_filter_chip_elevated_container_elevation = 0x7f07012d
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_comp_filled_card_focus_state_layer_opacity = 0x7f070127
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_comp_time_input_time_input_field_focus_outline_width = 0x7f070199
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_comp_filled_card_dragged_state_layer_opacity = 0x7f070126
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_comp_filled_card_container_elevation = 0x7f070125
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_comp_filled_autocomplete_menu_container_elevation = 0x7f070122
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_comp_fab_primary_small_icon_size = 0x7f070121
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.Dialog.FixedSize.Bridge = 0x7f11025b
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:string/mtrl_checkbox_button_path_unchecked = 0x7f100074
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_comp_fab_primary_large_icon_size = 0x7f07011d
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.Material3.Button.OutlinedButton.Icon = 0x7f110355
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:drawable/mtrl_popupmenu_background = 0x7f0800c6
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/material_personalized_color_on_surface_variant = 0x7f060288
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_comp_extended_fab_primary_hover_state_layer_opacity = 0x7f070112
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_comp_navigation_bar_container_height = 0x7f07013b
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_comp_navigation_bar_icon_size = 0x7f07013e
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/errorShown = 0x7f0401b4
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_comp_extended_fab_primary_container_elevation = 0x7f07010d
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_comp_elevated_button_disabled_container_elevation = 0x7f07010a
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:layout/mtrl_calendar_vertical = 0x7f0c0055
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/action_text = 0x7f090043
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_comp_date_picker_modal_date_today_container_outline_width = 0x7f070105
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_dynamic_dark_highlighted_text = 0x7f060080
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_comp_circular_progress_indicator_active_indicator_width = 0x7f070104
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:styleable/ViewTransition = 0x7f120097
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_comp_checkbox_selected_disabled_container_opacity = 0x7f070103
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/reactiveGuide_animateChange = 0x7f040392
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_comp_bottom_app_bar_container_height = 0x7f070102
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Headline = 0x7f11019c
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/snackbarStyle = 0x7f0403d2
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_comp_radio_button_unselected_hover_state_layer_opacity = 0x7f07016a
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_comp_bottom_app_bar_container_elevation = 0x7f070101
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/mtrl_card_corner_radius = 0x7f070297
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/activity_chooser_view_content = 0x7f090045
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_comp_badge_large_size = 0x7f0700ff
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_comp_assist_chip_elevated_container_elevation = 0x7f0700fb
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.TabLayout.PrimarySurface = 0x7f11043f
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:string/lbl_marca_legend = 0x7f10003f
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_comp_assist_chip_container_height = 0x7f0700fa
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_chip_corner_size = 0x7f0700f4
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_chip_checked_hovered_translation_z = 0x7f0700f3
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/trackTint = 0x7f0404ab
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_comp_assist_chip_flat_outline_width = 0x7f0700fd
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:layout/mtrl_alert_select_dialog_multichoice = 0x7f0c004a
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_carousel_small_item_size_min = 0x7f0700f2
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_comp_outlined_text_field_disabled_label_text_opacity = 0x7f070158
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_carousel_small_item_size_max = 0x7f0700f1
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:layout/abc_action_bar_title_item = 0x7f0c0000
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/indeterminate = 0x7f0900e5
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_comp_text_button_focus_state_layer_opacity = 0x7f070196
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_comp_outlined_card_disabled_outline_opacity = 0x7f070153
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/fabCradleMargin = 0x7f0401ce
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_carousel_debug_keyline_width = 0x7f0700ed
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_comp_elevated_card_icon_size = 0x7f07010c
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_comp_text_button_hover_state_layer_opacity = 0x7f070197
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Base.Widget.Material3.FloatingActionButton.Large = 0x7f110109
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_ref_palette_tertiary20 = 0x7f060146
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_card_stroke_width = 0x7f0700ec
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_card_elevated_hovered_z = 0x7f0700e9
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_sys_motion_easing_legacy_accelerate_control_x2 = 0x7f0701f9
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/iconEndPadding = 0x7f040226
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_card_elevated_elevation = 0x7f0700e8
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:animator/fragment_open_enter = 0x7f020007
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/number = 0x7f040352
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_card_elevated_disabled_z = 0x7f0700e6
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_ref_palette_primary60 = 0x7f060130
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_card_dragged_z = 0x7f0700e5
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/mtrl_progress_circular_track_thickness_small = 0x7f0702d9
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_btn_translation_z_base = 0x7f0700e2
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_comp_filled_card_icon_size = 0x7f070129
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/mtrl_switch_thumb_elevation = 0x7f0702f0
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_btn_text_btn_padding_right = 0x7f0700e1
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_btn_text_btn_icon_padding_right = 0x7f0700df
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_switch_unselected_icon_color = 0x7f0d013b
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_btn_stroke_size = 0x7f0700dd
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Theme.Material3.Light.NoActionBar = 0x7f110240
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:drawable/abc_switch_track_mtrl_alpha = 0x7f08006b
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_btn_padding_right = 0x7f0700db
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_btn_padding_bottom = 0x7f0700d9
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_btn_max_width = 0x7f0700d8
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/position = 0x7f090172
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_navigation_item_icon_padding = 0x7f0701bb
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:integer/m3_sys_motion_path = 0x7f0a001f
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_chip_elevated_elevation = 0x7f0700f7
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_slider_handle_color = 0x7f0d0110
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_btn_icon_only_min_width = 0x7f0700d6
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_btn_icon_only_default_size = 0x7f0700d4
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_btn_icon_btn_padding_left = 0x7f0700d1
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_btn_disabled_elevation = 0x7f0700cd
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.Chip = 0x7f11028f
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/chipStandaloneStyle = 0x7f0400cc
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_btn_dialog_btn_min_width = 0x7f0700cb
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.Light.PopupMenu.Overflow = 0x7f1100e4
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_sys_motion_easing_legacy_control_x1 = 0x7f0701fc
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_bottomappbar_horizontal_padding = 0x7f0700ca
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Base.V7.Theme.AppCompat.Light = 0x7f1100bc
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:integer/m3_card_anim_delay_ms = 0x7f0a000c
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_bottomappbar_height = 0x7f0700c9
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_comp_assist_chip_with_icon_icon_size = 0x7f0700fe
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.Material3.FloatingActionButton.Small.Primary = 0x7f110388
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_bottomappbar_fab_cradle_vertical_offset = 0x7f0700c7
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/lyCarroColor = 0x7f0900fe
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_bottomappbar_fab_cradle_rounded_corner_radius = 0x7f0700c6
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/actionDownUp = 0x7f090031
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:animator/fragment_fade_enter = 0x7f020005
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_btn_elevation = 0x7f0700d0
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_bottomappbar_fab_cradle_margin = 0x7f0700c5
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_bottom_sheet_elevation = 0x7f0700c3
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_bottom_sheet_drag_handle_bottom_padding = 0x7f0700c2
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_bottom_nav_min_height = 0x7f0700c1
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.ImageButton = 0x7f1100dc
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/sharedValueSet = 0x7f09019a
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_bottom_nav_item_padding_top = 0x7f0700c0
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:string/material_slider_range_start = 0x7f100063
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_bottom_nav_item_padding_bottom = 0x7f0700bf
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_menu_elevation = 0x7f0701b6
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_bottom_nav_item_active_indicator_margin_horizontal = 0x7f0700bd
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral_variant24 = 0x7f0600bf
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_bottom_nav_item_active_indicator_height = 0x7f0700bc
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/mtrl_calendar_selection_frame = 0x7f09012e
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/ensureMinTouchTargetSize = 0x7f0401ac
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_badge_with_text_vertical_offset = 0x7f0700ba
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/ThemeOverlay.AppCompat.DayNight.ActionBar = 0x7f110277
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.Dialog.Alert.Bridge = 0x7f110258
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/material_dynamic_color_dark_error = 0x7f060219
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_badge_vertical_offset = 0x7f0700b6
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Theme.AppCompat.Dialog.MinWidth = 0x7f110216
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/badgeWithTextRadius = 0x7f04005f
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/tooltip_horizontal_padding = 0x7f070315
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/tooltipText = 0x7f04049c
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/mtrl_navigation_item_text_color = 0x7f0602d7
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_back_progress_side_container_max_scale_x_distance_shrink = 0x7f0700b1
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/fade = 0x7f0900bc
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_comp_extended_fab_primary_icon_size = 0x7f070113
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_back_progress_main_container_min_edge_gap = 0x7f0700af
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Animation.Material3.BottomSheetDialog = 0x7f110006
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/endIconDrawable = 0x7f0401a4
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_back_progress_main_container_max_translation_y = 0x7f0700ae
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/mtrl_low_ripple_hovered_alpha = 0x7f0702ba
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_back_progress_bottom_container_max_scale_y_distance = 0x7f0700ad
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_back_progress_bottom_container_max_scale_x_distance = 0x7f0700ac
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_appbar_scrim_height_trigger_large = 0x7f0700a7
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/textInputFilledExposedDropdownMenuStyle = 0x7f04045a
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_sys_color_light_secondary_container = 0x7f0601e1
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_appbar_expanded_title_margin_horizontal = 0x7f0700a5
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_comp_filled_button_container_elevation = 0x7f070123
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/itemVerticalPadding = 0x7f04025f
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_alert_dialog_icon_size = 0x7f0700a2
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_alert_dialog_corner_size = 0x7f07009f
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_alert_dialog_action_top_padding = 0x7f07009e
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/material_grey_800 = 0x7f060266
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:drawable/$mtrl_checkbox_button_icon_unchecked_checked__0 = 0x7f080018
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/item_touch_helper_swipe_escape_velocity = 0x7f07009c
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_outlined_text_field_focus_label_text_color = 0x7f0d00bd
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/item_touch_helper_max_drag_scroll_per_frame = 0x7f07009a
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/mtrl_snackbar_action_text_color_alpha = 0x7f0702e9
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_btn_padding_top = 0x7f0700dc
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_sys_color_dark_surface_container_lowest = 0x7f060176
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/hint_alpha_material_light = 0x7f070097
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Platform.ThemeOverlay.AppCompat.Light = 0x7f11013e
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/flow_firstHorizontalStyle = 0x7f0401e9
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:drawable/abc_spinner_textfield_background_material = 0x7f080067
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/fastscroll_minimum_range = 0x7f070092
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_toolbar_text_size_title = 0x7f07021a
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/design_fab_border_width = 0x7f07006e
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/fastscroll_margin = 0x7f070091
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/fastscroll_default_thickness = 0x7f070090
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/disabled_alpha_material_light = 0x7f07008f
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/disabled_alpha_material_dark = 0x7f07008e
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/design_tab_text_size_2line = 0x7f07008c
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/design_tab_text_size = 0x7f07008b
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:integer/m3_sys_motion_duration_medium4 = 0x7f0a001a
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/mtrl_calendar_days_of_week_height = 0x7f070276
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/design_snackbar_text_size = 0x7f070088
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/design_snackbar_padding_vertical_2lines = 0x7f070087
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/design_snackbar_extra_spacing_horizontal = 0x7f070082
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_outlined_text_field_outline_color = 0x7f0d00c6
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/design_snackbar_elevation = 0x7f070081
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.PopupWindow = 0x7f1100ec
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/offsetAlignmentMode = 0x7f040354
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/action_bar_container = 0x7f090035
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/material_personalized_color_outline = 0x7f06028b
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:drawable/notification_bg = 0x7f0800d7
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/design_navigation_item_icon_padding = 0x7f070079
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/design_navigation_icon_padding = 0x7f070076
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:drawable/avd_hide_password = 0x7f080078
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/design_navigation_elevation = 0x7f070075
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:styleable/ListPopupWindow = 0x7f12004b
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/design_fab_translation_z_hovered_focused = 0x7f070073
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/TextAppearance.Material3.DisplaySmall = 0x7f1101e9
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/design_fab_size_normal = 0x7f070072
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_sys_color_primary_fixed = 0x7f0601f3
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/colorOnTertiaryFixed = 0x7f04010f
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/mtrl_shape_corner_size_large_component = 0x7f0702dc
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/mtrl_navigation_bar_item_default_icon_size = 0x7f0702bd
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/design_fab_image_size = 0x7f070070
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/design_fab_elevation = 0x7f07006f
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/material_personalized__highlighted_text = 0x7f060277
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_comp_top_app_bar_large_container_height = 0x7f0701a2
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/design_bottom_sheet_peek_height_min = 0x7f07006d
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:integer/m3_sys_motion_duration_long3 = 0x7f0a0015
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/material_personalized_color_tertiary = 0x7f0602a0
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/design_bottom_sheet_modal_elevation = 0x7f07006c
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/design_bottom_navigation_text_size = 0x7f07006a
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/design_bottom_navigation_elevation = 0x7f070062
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:drawable/$mtrl_checkbox_button_icon_checked_unchecked__2 = 0x7f080013
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/design_fab_translation_z_pressed = 0x7f070074
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/design_bottom_navigation_active_item_min_width = 0x7f070060
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:drawable/mtrl_ic_cancel = 0x7f0800bf
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/design_bottom_navigation_active_item_max_width = 0x7f07005f
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.AutoCompleteTextView = 0x7f1102c0
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_switch_unselected_pressed_icon_color = 0x7f0d013d
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/minWidth = 0x7f040313
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/design_appbar_elevation = 0x7f07005e
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/design_navigation_max_width = 0x7f07007b
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/def_drawer_elevation = 0x7f07005d
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:drawable/$mtrl_checkbox_button_icon_unchecked_indeterminate__0 = 0x7f08001b
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/shouldRemoveExpandedCorners = 0x7f0403bc
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/material_dynamic_primary80 = 0x7f060244
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/compat_notification_large_icon_max_width = 0x7f07005c
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:drawable/test_level_drawable = 0x7f0800e3
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_slider_label_container_color = 0x7f0d0112
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:drawable/material_ic_menu_arrow_up_black_24dp = 0x7f0800af
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Base.Widget.Design.TabLayout = 0x7f1100fc
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:drawable/abc_btn_check_to_on_mtrl_015 = 0x7f08002f
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/compat_button_padding_horizontal_material = 0x7f070058
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/compat_button_inset_vertical_material = 0x7f070057
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/compat_button_inset_horizontal_material = 0x7f070056
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:styleable/Constraint = 0x7f120026
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/cardview_default_radius = 0x7f070054
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/accessibility_custom_action_31 = 0x7f090029
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/cardview_default_elevation = 0x7f070053
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/cardview_compat_inset_shadow = 0x7f070052
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:drawable/mtrl_checkbox_button_checked_unchecked = 0x7f0800b2
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/chronometer = 0x7f090077
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/motionEasingStandardDecelerateInterpolator = 0x7f040335
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/appcompat_dialog_background_inset = 0x7f070051
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_comp_search_view_full_screen_header_container_height = 0x7f070173
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/abc_text_size_menu_header_material = 0x7f07004a
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_searchbar_height = 0x7f0701d4
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/abc_text_size_large_material = 0x7f070048
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:styleable/ColorStateListItem = 0x7f120024
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Base.ThemeOverlay.Material3.BottomSheetDialog = 0x7f110080
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/abc_text_size_display_3_material = 0x7f070045
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/abc_text_size_display_1_material = 0x7f070043
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/abc_text_size_caption_material = 0x7f070042
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/abc_star_small = 0x7f07003d
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/placeholderTextAppearance = 0x7f040378
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/abc_seekbar_track_progress_height_material = 0x7f070039
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_on_tertiary_fixed_variant = 0x7f0601c4
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_comp_navigation_bar_container_elevation = 0x7f07013a
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/motionEffect_start = 0x7f04033a
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/abc_seekbar_track_background_height_material = 0x7f070038
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/abc_search_view_preferred_width = 0x7f070037
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:drawable/mtrl_switch_thumb_checked_unchecked = 0x7f0800cb
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/maxWidth = 0x7f040309
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/abc_progress_bar_height_material = 0x7f070035
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.TextInputEditText.OutlinedBox = 0x7f1102dc
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_sys_elevation_level2 = 0x7f0701ec
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.Button.Colored = 0x7f11003b
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/abc_edit_text_inset_bottom_material = 0x7f07002c
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/circle_center = 0x7f090078
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/mtrl_btn_text_size = 0x7f070269
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/abc_dropdownitem_text_padding_right = 0x7f07002b
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/TextAppearance.Compat.Notification.Info = 0x7f1101c4
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/abc_dropdownitem_text_padding_left = 0x7f07002a
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:styleable/View = 0x7f120093
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/abc_dropdownitem_icon_width = 0x7f070029
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/abc_disabled_alpha_material_light = 0x7f070028
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:drawable/$mtrl_checkbox_button_icon_indeterminate_unchecked__0 = 0x7f080015
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/abc_disabled_alpha_material_dark = 0x7f070027
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_switch_unselected_hover_handle_color = 0x7f0d0136
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_tertiary90 = 0x7f0600f4
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/abc_dialog_title_divider_material = 0x7f070026
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_time_picker_time_selector_selected_pressed_state_layer_color = 0x7f0d0165
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_time_picker_clock_dial_color = 0x7f0d014d
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_badge_horizontal_offset = 0x7f0700b3
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/abc_dialog_padding_material = 0x7f070024
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/itemTextAppearance = 0x7f04025a
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/abc_dialog_list_padding_top_no_title = 0x7f070021
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/abc_dialog_fixed_width_major = 0x7f07001e
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/placeholderTextColor = 0x7f040379
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/abc_dialog_fixed_height_major = 0x7f07001c
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/abc_dialog_corner_radius_material = 0x7f07001b
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_ref_palette_neutral12 = 0x7f060107
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/abc_control_padding_material = 0x7f07001a
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/tooltipForegroundColor = 0x7f040499
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/mtrl_textinput_box_corner_radius_small = 0x7f0702f6
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/abc_control_corner_material = 0x7f070018
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_sys_color_light_error = 0x7f0601cc
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:drawable/ic_clock_black_24dp = 0x7f08008f
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_comp_input_chip_with_avatar_avatar_size = 0x7f070134
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_comp_fab_primary_pressed_state_layer_opacity = 0x7f07011f
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/abc_config_prefDialogWidth = 0x7f070017
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/notification_subtext_size = 0x7f070311
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/abc_cascading_menus_min_smallest_width = 0x7f070016
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_chip_hovered_translation_z = 0x7f0700f8
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/open_search_view_content_container = 0x7f090158
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/abc_button_padding_horizontal_material = 0x7f070014
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral80 = 0x7f0600af
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/abc_alert_dialog_button_dimen = 0x7f070011
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_navigation_bar_inactive_icon_color = 0x7f0d0075
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/checkboxStyle = 0x7f0400b2
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/abc_action_button_min_height_material = 0x7f07000d
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/mtrl_toolbar_default_height = 0x7f0702fe
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_carousel_extra_small_item_size = 0x7f0700ee
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/abc_action_bar_subtitle_top_margin_material = 0x7f07000c
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/abc_action_bar_stacked_max_height = 0x7f070009
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/abc_action_bar_overflow_padding_end_material = 0x7f070007
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_navigation_rail_active_focus_state_layer_color = 0x7f0d0096
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/mtrl_tabs_ripple_color = 0x7f0602e6
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_comp_assist_chip_flat_container_elevation = 0x7f0700fc
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/yearSelectedStyle = 0x7f0404d6
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_sys_color_dark_outline_variant = 0x7f06016b
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/abc_action_bar_elevation_material = 0x7f070005
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/abc_action_bar_default_padding_start_material = 0x7f070004
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/abc_action_bar_default_padding_end_material = 0x7f070003
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_ref_palette_neutral100 = 0x7f060106
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/tooltip_background_light = 0x7f060309
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/tooltip_background_dark = 0x7f060308
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/tabIndicatorGravity = 0x7f040413
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/teal_700 = 0x7f060307
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:string/material_hour_24h_suffix = 0x7f100058
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_comp_suggestion_chip_container_height = 0x7f070184
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_ref_palette_primary100 = 0x7f06012b
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/teal_200 = 0x7f060306
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/material_clock_display_width = 0x7f07021e
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.Material3.MaterialCalendar.HeaderLayout.Fullscreen = 0x7f11039c
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/switch_thumb_normal_material_dark = 0x7f060304
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/listPreferredItemPaddingLeft = 0x7f0402c6
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:drawable/abc_list_selector_holo_light = 0x7f080058
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/switch_thumb_material_light = 0x7f060303
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.Material3.CompoundButton.MaterialSwitch = 0x7f110376
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/mtrl_btn_padding_left = 0x7f070260
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/switch_thumb_disabled_material_dark = 0x7f060300
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/META = 0x7f090005
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/secondary_text_disabled_material_light = 0x7f0602ff
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Base.Widget.MaterialComponents.PopupMenu.Overflow = 0x7f110119
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_btn_icon_only_icon_padding = 0x7f0700d5
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/secondary_text_disabled_material_dark = 0x7f0602fe
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/material_clock_display_and_toggle = 0x7f09010a
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/secondary_text_default_material_dark = 0x7f0602fc
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/purple_700 = 0x7f0602f9
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.RatingBar.Indicator = 0x7f1100f0
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/mtrl_picker_text_input_range_end = 0x7f09013b
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/trackColorInactive = 0x7f0404a4
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/purple_500 = 0x7f0602f8
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/purple_200 = 0x7f0602f7
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/primary_text_disabled_material_light = 0x7f0602f6
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.BottomAppBar.Primary = 0x7f1102c5
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Base.Theme.MaterialComponents.DialogWhenLarge = 0x7f11006d
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_ref_palette_secondary50 = 0x7f06013c
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/primary_material_dark = 0x7f0602f1
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/mtrl_calendar_day_height = 0x7f070271
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/mtrl_textinput_hovered_box_stroke_color = 0x7f0602ec
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/mtrl_textinput_focused_box_stroke_color = 0x7f0602eb
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:drawable/mtrl_checkbox_button_icon_unchecked_indeterminate = 0x7f0800b9
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/mtrl_textinput_default_box_stroke_color = 0x7f0602e8
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/primary_text_default_material_light = 0x7f0602f4
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/collapsingToolbarLayoutLargeSize = 0x7f0400ed
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/mtrl_text_btn_text_color_selector = 0x7f0602e7
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_sys_color_light_inverse_surface = 0x7f0601d0
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/mtrl_tabs_legacy_text_color_selector = 0x7f0602e5
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/mtrl_tabs_icon_color_selector_colored = 0x7f0602e4
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/allStates = 0x7f09004a
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/transition_transform = 0x7f0901ec
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/floatingActionButtonSmallTertiaryStyle = 0x7f0401e4
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/mtrl_tabs_icon_color_selector = 0x7f0602e3
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/mtrl_tabs_colored_ripple_color = 0x7f0602e2
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.AppCompat.ProgressBar = 0x7f11031c
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Base.Widget.MaterialComponents.PopupMenu.ContextMenu = 0x7f110117
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/mtrl_switch_thumb_icon_tint = 0x7f0602de
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/ShapeAppearance.M3.Sys.Shape.Corner.Full = 0x7f110169
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral_variant98 = 0x7f0600ce
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/mtrl_popupmenu_overlay_color = 0x7f0602dc
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/mtrl_outlined_stroke_color = 0x7f0602db
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_comp_slider_inactive_track_height = 0x7f070182
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/fitXY = 0x7f0900c5
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_alert_dialog_icon_margin = 0x7f0700a1
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_radio_button_selected_pressed_icon_color = 0x7f0d00de
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/textInputFilledStyle = 0x7f04045b
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/mtrl_outlined_icon_tint = 0x7f0602da
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.Chip.Action = 0x7f110401
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_comp_elevated_card_container_elevation = 0x7f07010b
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_comp_navigation_drawer_modal_container_elevation = 0x7f070144
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/mtrl_navigation_item_background_color = 0x7f0602d5
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/mtrl_navigation_bar_ripple_color = 0x7f0602d4
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/imagePanX = 0x7f040231
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/logoScaleType = 0x7f0402cc
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/mtrl_navigation_bar_item_tint = 0x7f0602d3
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.Material3.AutoCompleteTextView.OutlinedBox = 0x7f11033f
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/mtrl_navigation_bar_colored_ripple_color = 0x7f0602d2
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.DayNight.Dialog.Bridge = 0x7f11024e
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Theme.Material3.Light.Dialog = 0x7f11023c
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_switch_unselected_handle_color = 0x7f0d0135
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/mtrl_indicator_text_color = 0x7f0602d0
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/mtrl_filled_stroke_color = 0x7f0602cf
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Base.Widget.Material3.CompoundButton.Switch = 0x7f110105
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:drawable/ic_call_decline = 0x7f08008c
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Animation.AppCompat.Tooltip = 0x7f110004
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:integer/status_bar_notification_info_maxnum = 0x7f0a0043
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:drawable/$m3_avd_hide_password__1 = 0x7f080008
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/mtrl_filled_icon_tint = 0x7f0602ce
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:styleable/GradientColor = 0x7f12003b
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/mtrl_filled_background_color = 0x7f0602cd
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/line1 = 0x7f0900f5
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/mtrl_fab_ripple_color = 0x7f0602cc
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.AppCompat.Light.ActionBar.TabText.Inverse = 0x7f110304
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:drawable/mtrl_checkbox_button_icon_indeterminate_checked = 0x7f0800b6
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:styleable/MaterialCheckBoxStates = 0x7f120055
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/mtrl_fab_icon_text_color_selector = 0x7f0602cb
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:styleable/MaterialRadioButton = 0x7f120057
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/view_tree_lifecycle_owner = 0x7f090201
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/mtrl_error = 0x7f0602c9
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.AppCompat.ActionBar = 0x7f1102e4
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/mtrl_tooltip_arrowSize = 0x7f0702ff
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/mtrl_choice_chip_text_color = 0x7f0602c8
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_filled_text_field_error_trailing_icon_color = 0x7f0d0050
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/mtrl_chip_text_color = 0x7f0602c5
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/mtrl_chip_surface_color = 0x7f0602c4
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/ShapeAppearance.M3.Comp.TextButton.Container.Shape = 0x7f110166
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Base.V14.Theme.MaterialComponents.Bridge = 0x7f110092
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/floatingActionButtonLargePrimaryStyle = 0x7f0401d9
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:drawable/$mtrl_checkbox_button_icon_unchecked_indeterminate__2 = 0x7f08001d
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/material_dynamic_secondary95 = 0x7f060253
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/mtrl_chip_close_icon_tint = 0x7f0602c3
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/material_slider_thumb_color = 0x7f0602b0
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/layout_scrollFlags = 0x7f0402b0
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/mtrl_card_view_foreground = 0x7f0602c0
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.Material3.MaterialCalendar.HeaderDivider = 0x7f11039a
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:drawable/$mtrl_checkbox_button_checked_unchecked__0 = 0x7f08000d
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_bottom_nav_item_active_indicator_width = 0x7f0700be
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.Snackbar = 0x7f1102b3
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/mtrl_calendar_selected_range = 0x7f0602bf
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/mtrl_btn_transparent_bg_color = 0x7f0602bd
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_ref_palette_tertiary80 = 0x7f06014c
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_textfield_filled_background_color = 0x7f060202
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/mtrl_btn_text_color_selector = 0x7f0602bc
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:drawable/mtrl_ic_check_mark = 0x7f0800c0
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/design_bottom_navigation_shadow_color = 0x7f060032
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/mtrl_btn_stroke_color_selector = 0x7f0602b8
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:drawable/abc_scrubber_track_mtrl_alpha = 0x7f080062
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/mtrl_btn_bg_color_selector = 0x7f0602b6
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/material_slider_inactive_track_color = 0x7f0602af
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/material_slider_inactive_tick_marks_color = 0x7f0602ae
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/material_slider_halo_color = 0x7f0602ad
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/material_slider_active_track_color = 0x7f0602ac
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:styleable/MenuGroup = 0x7f12005e
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_comp_slider_disabled_inactive_track_opacity = 0x7f070181
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat = 0x7f110016
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/material_slider_active_tick_marks_color = 0x7f0602ab
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:integer/m3_sys_shape_corner_medium_corner_family = 0x7f0a0024
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/action_container = 0x7f09003a
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Base.V21.Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.Dialog = 0x7f1100a8
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/material_personalized_primary_text_disable_only = 0x7f0602aa
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_comp_fab_primary_small_container_height = 0x7f070120
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/material_personalized_primary_inverse_text_disable_only = 0x7f0602a9
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/material_personalized_hint_foreground = 0x7f0602a7
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/material_personalized_color_text_primary_inverse_disable_only = 0x7f0602a4
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/material_personalized_color_text_primary_inverse = 0x7f0602a3
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/material_personalized_color_tertiary_container = 0x7f0602a1
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/overshoot = 0x7f090165
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/mtrl_calendar_year_horizontal_padding = 0x7f070292
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/material_personalized_color_secondary_text_inverse = 0x7f060295
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/material_personalized_color_primary_inverse = 0x7f06028f
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:string/m3_sys_motion_easing_emphasized_accelerate = 0x7f10004c
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/closeIcon = 0x7f0400df
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_badge_with_text_size = 0x7f0700b9
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.CircularProgressIndicator.ExtraSmall = 0x7f110407
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/material_personalized_color_primary_container = 0x7f06028e
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:drawable/abc_textfield_search_material = 0x7f080076
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_sys_color_light_on_tertiary = 0x7f0601da
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/material_personalized_color_primary = 0x7f06028d
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_time_picker_time_selector_container_shape = 0x7f0d015f
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/material_personalized_color_outline_variant = 0x7f06028c
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_calendar_item_stroke_color = 0x7f06006c
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/abc_control_inset_material = 0x7f070019
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/tabTextColor = 0x7f040424
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:drawable/$avd_hide_password__1 = 0x7f080001
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_sheet_bottom_docked_container_shape = 0x7f0d0106
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_navigation_item_ripple_color = 0x7f060096
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/material_personalized_color_on_tertiary_container = 0x7f06028a
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/material_personalized_color_on_tertiary = 0x7f060289
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/material_personalized_color_on_secondary = 0x7f060284
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/material_personalized_color_on_primary_container = 0x7f060283
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/material_personalized_color_on_primary = 0x7f060282
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/mtrl_high_ripple_focused_alpha = 0x7f0702b5
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/material_personalized_color_on_error_container = 0x7f060281
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_ref_palette_secondary95 = 0x7f060141
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/material_personalized_color_on_background = 0x7f06027f
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/material_personalized_color_control_highlight = 0x7f06027b
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/mtrl_extended_fab_bottom_padding = 0x7f0702a0
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/material_personalized_color_control_activated = 0x7f06027a
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.Material3.TabLayout.Secondary = 0x7f1103cd
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.Material3.MaterialCalendar.HeaderSelection.Fullscreen = 0x7f11039e
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/material_on_surface_emphasis_medium = 0x7f060275
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/materialSwitchStyle = 0x7f0402fb
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/material_on_surface_disabled = 0x7f060273
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/barrier = 0x7f090057
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/material_on_primary_emphasis_medium = 0x7f060272
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/colorButtonNormal = 0x7f0400f5
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/material_on_background_emphasis_high_type = 0x7f06026e
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/colorPrimaryDark = 0x7f040115
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/material_harmonized_color_on_error = 0x7f06026b
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/material_harmonized_color_error_container = 0x7f06026a
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.AppCompat.Light.ListView.DropDown = 0x7f11030f
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/design_menu_item_action_area_stub = 0x7f090098
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/material_grey_900 = 0x7f060268
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_primary_navigation_tab_active_indicator_color = 0x7f0d00cc
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:drawable/material_ic_edit_black_24dp = 0x7f0800a9
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Base.V14.Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.DarkActionBar.Bridge = 0x7f110097
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/material_grey_600 = 0x7f060265
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_switch_selected_hover_icon_color = 0x7f0d0127
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_comp_suggestion_chip_with_leading_icon_leading_icon_size = 0x7f070188
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/abc_text_size_menu_material = 0x7f07004b
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/material_grey_50 = 0x7f060264
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.Button.OutlinedButton = 0x7f1103f5
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/material_dynamic_tertiary99 = 0x7f060261
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_comp_badge_size = 0x7f070100
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/mtrl_fab_min_touch_target = 0x7f0702b1
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/material_dynamic_tertiary80 = 0x7f06025e
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_filled_button_container_color = 0x7f0d0044
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/flow_horizontalGap = 0x7f0401ee
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:drawable/mtrl_checkbox_button = 0x7f0800b1
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Theme.AppCompat.Light.NoActionBar = 0x7f11021f
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/material_dynamic_tertiary70 = 0x7f06025d
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Base.Animation.AppCompat.Dialog = 0x7f11000d
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_dark_primary_text_disable_only = 0x7f06007b
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/abc_dialog_fixed_width_minor = 0x7f07001f
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/material_dynamic_tertiary60 = 0x7f06025c
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/material_dynamic_tertiary30 = 0x7f060259
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_ref_palette_error70 = 0x7f0600ff
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/material_dynamic_tertiary20 = 0x7f060258
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:layout/abc_list_menu_item_radio = 0x7f0c0011
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/motionEffect_translationY = 0x7f04033d
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/material_dynamic_tertiary100 = 0x7f060257
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/alpha = 0x7f04002e
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/material_dynamic_tertiary10 = 0x7f060256
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/material_timepicker_button_background = 0x7f0602b1
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/material_dynamic_tertiary0 = 0x7f060255
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/abc_text_size_medium_material = 0x7f070049
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/material_dynamic_secondary99 = 0x7f060254
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:drawable/mtrl_ic_arrow_drop_down = 0x7f0800bd
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:styleable/RecycleListView = 0x7f120074
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_secondary_navigation_tab_with_icon_active_icon_color = 0x7f0d0103
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/material_dynamic_secondary90 = 0x7f060252
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/material_dynamic_secondary70 = 0x7f060250
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/material_dynamic_secondary10 = 0x7f060249
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/material_dynamic_primary99 = 0x7f060247
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/ShapeAppearance.M3.Comp.DatePicker.Modal.Date.Container.Shape = 0x7f110158
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_fab_efab_background_color_selector = 0x7f06008a
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/material_dynamic_primary95 = 0x7f060246
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.AutoCompleteTextView.OutlinedBox = 0x7f1103e8
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/carousel_firstView = 0x7f0400a5
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/material_dynamic_primary90 = 0x7f060245
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_btn_text_btn_icon_padding_left = 0x7f0700de
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/material_dynamic_primary30 = 0x7f06023f
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/accessibility_custom_action_7 = 0x7f09002d
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/material_dynamic_primary20 = 0x7f06023e
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:string/lbl_asientos_carro = 0x7f10003a
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/material_dynamic_color_dark_error_container = 0x7f06021a
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_btn_dialog_btn_spacing = 0x7f0700cc
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/material_dynamic_primary100 = 0x7f06023d
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/material_dynamic_primary10 = 0x7f06023c
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.Material3.MaterialCalendar.Year = 0x7f1103a4
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral_variant30 = 0x7f0600c0
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/material_dynamic_neutral_variant60 = 0x7f060235
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/mtrl_fab_bg_color_selector = 0x7f0602ca
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/material_harmonized_color_error = 0x7f060269
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/material_dynamic_neutral_variant50 = 0x7f060234
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/material_personalized_color_control_normal = 0x7f06027c
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/material_dynamic_neutral_variant40 = 0x7f060233
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/material_dynamic_neutral_variant30 = 0x7f060232
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/material_dynamic_neutral99 = 0x7f06022d
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/navigation_bar_item_large_label_view = 0x7f090144
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/material_dynamic_neutral90 = 0x7f06022b
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/snackbarTextViewStyle = 0x7f0403d3
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/material_dynamic_neutral50 = 0x7f060227
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_tertiary60 = 0x7f0600f1
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/material_dynamic_neutral10 = 0x7f060222
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/badgeHeight = 0x7f040053
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_alert_dialog_elevation = 0x7f0700a0
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/material_dynamic_color_dark_on_error_container = 0x7f06021c
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/closeIconSize = 0x7f0400e2
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/design_textinput_caption_translate_y = 0x7f07008d
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/mtrl_scrim_color = 0x7f0602dd
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/rippleColor = 0x7f04039d
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/material_divider_color = 0x7f060218
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Base.Theme.Material3.Light.BottomSheetDialog = 0x7f110060
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:animator/mtrl_fab_transformation_sheet_expand_spec = 0x7f020021
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_sys_motion_easing_legacy_control_x2 = 0x7f0701fd
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/material_deep_teal_500 = 0x7f060217
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.Material3.MaterialTimePicker.Display.Divider = 0x7f1103ae
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/textAppearanceBodyMedium = 0x7f04042e
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/material_deep_teal_200 = 0x7f060216
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/switchPadding = 0x7f040406
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/material_cursor_color = 0x7f060215
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.ActionBar.Subtitle = 0x7f110033
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/mtrl_calendar_text_input_padding_top = 0x7f07028d
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/mtrl_calendar_pre_l_text_clip_padding = 0x7f070288
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_appbar_scrim_height_trigger = 0x7f0700a6
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/aligned = 0x7f090048
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/material_blue_grey_950 = 0x7f060214
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/material_blue_grey_800 = 0x7f060212
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/primary_material_light = 0x7f0602f2
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:string/material_timepicker_minute = 0x7f100068
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_tonal_button_ripple_color_selector = 0x7f060211
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.Material3.FloatingActionButton.Surface = 0x7f11038c
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:string/mtrl_picker_cancel = 0x7f100080
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_timepicker_secondary_text_button_ripple_color = 0x7f06020e
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.Dialog.Alert.Framework = 0x7f110297
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_ref_palette_secondary70 = 0x7f06013e
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_comp_extended_fab_primary_pressed_state_layer_opacity = 0x7f070115
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.Button.TextButton.Snackbar = 0x7f11028d
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:anim/abc_fade_in = 0x7f010000
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_timepicker_display_background_color = 0x7f06020b
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_timepicker_clock_text_color = 0x7f06020a
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_timepicker_button_text_color = 0x7f060209
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_suggestion_chip_label_text_type = 0x7f0d0119
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_sheet_bottom_docked_drag_handle_color = 0x7f0d0107
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:drawable/abc_ic_voice_search_api_material = 0x7f08004a
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_outlined_text_field_input_text_type = 0x7f0d00c4
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_appbar_size_large = 0x7f0700aa
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_timepicker_button_ripple_color = 0x7f060208
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_timepicker_button_background_color = 0x7f060207
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_small_fab_size = 0x7f0701e7
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_textfield_label_color = 0x7f060205
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:drawable/ic_m3_chip_check = 0x7f080093
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_textfield_input_text_color = 0x7f060204
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/mtrl_btn_stroke_size = 0x7f070265
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.AppCompat.Light.ActionBar.TabView.Inverse = 0x7f110306
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_textfield_indicator_text_color = 0x7f060203
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:integer/mtrl_switch_track_viewport_height = 0x7f0a003c
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_tabs_text_color_secondary = 0x7f0601fe
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/design_menu_item_action_area = 0x7f090097
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:drawable/material_ic_calendar_black_24dp = 0x7f0800a7
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/spread_inside = 0x7f0901ae
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/abc_text_size_display_2_material = 0x7f070044
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_dark_default_color_primary_text = 0x7f060077
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/material_personalized_color_primary_text = 0x7f060290
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.ActionBar.Subtitle.Inverse = 0x7f1101b2
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_tabs_text_color = 0x7f0601fd
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_comp_outlined_text_field_outline_width = 0x7f07015b
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_tabs_ripple_color_secondary = 0x7f0601fc
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/sharedValueUnset = 0x7f09019b
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_tabs_ripple_color = 0x7f0601fb
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/TextAppearance.Material3.SearchView.Prefix = 0x7f1101f3
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/action_context_bar = 0x7f09003b
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_sys_color_tertiary_fixed_dim = 0x7f0601f8
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_sys_color_tertiary_fixed = 0x7f0601f7
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/tooltip_y_offset_non_touch = 0x7f07031a
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.CompactMenu = 0x7f110245
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_sys_color_secondary_fixed_dim = 0x7f0601f6
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/fontProviderFetchTimeout = 0x7f040200
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/mtrl_progress_circular_track_thickness_medium = 0x7f0702d8
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_light_on_primary = 0x7f0601a6
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_sys_color_primary_fixed_dim = 0x7f0601f4
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/enterAlwaysCollapsed = 0x7f0900b8
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_sys_color_on_tertiary_fixed = 0x7f0601f1
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:drawable/abc_dialog_material_background = 0x7f08003c
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_sys_color_on_primary_fixed_variant = 0x7f0601ee
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.Button.UnelevatedButton = 0x7f1103fd
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_sys_color_on_primary_fixed = 0x7f0601ed
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_sys_color_light_tertiary_container = 0x7f0601ec
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_top_app_bar_small_container_color = 0x7f0d0170
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:layout/design_navigation_item = 0x7f0c0027
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/dividerThickness = 0x7f040182
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_sys_color_light_tertiary = 0x7f0601eb
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_sys_color_light_surface_dim = 0x7f0601e9
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/fabAlignmentModeEndMargin = 0x7f0401cb
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/materialCalendarTheme = 0x7f0402e7
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_sys_color_light_surface_container_lowest = 0x7f0601e8
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_ref_palette_primary30 = 0x7f06012d
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_sys_color_light_surface_container = 0x7f0601e4
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_sys_color_light_surface_bright = 0x7f0601e3
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_sys_color_light_surface = 0x7f0601e2
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:styleable/KeyFramesAcceleration = 0x7f120042
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/mtrl_bottomappbar_fab_cradle_vertical_offset = 0x7f070251
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/largeFontVerticalOffsetAdjustment = 0x7f040267
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_sys_color_light_secondary = 0x7f0601e0
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/abc_action_bar_subtitle_bottom_margin_material = 0x7f07000b
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:styleable/BaseProgressIndicator = 0x7f120014
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.CircularProgressIndicator = 0x7f110406
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:string/searchbar_scrolling_view_behavior = 0x7f1000b0
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/buttonIconTintMode = 0x7f040094
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_sys_color_light_primary_container = 0x7f0601df
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_sys_color_light_primary = 0x7f0601de
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/cardview_shadow_start_color = 0x7f060030
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_sys_color_light_outline_variant = 0x7f0601dd
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_sys_color_light_on_tertiary_container = 0x7f0601db
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_tabs_icon_color = 0x7f0601f9
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Base.V14.ThemeOverlay.Material3.BottomSheetDialog = 0x7f11009a
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_sys_color_light_on_secondary_container = 0x7f0601d7
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:string/bottomsheet_action_collapse = 0x7f10001f
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_sys_color_light_on_secondary = 0x7f0601d6
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_sys_color_light_inverse_primary = 0x7f0601cf
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_sys_color_light_surface_tint = 0x7f0d0177
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/material_personalized_color_surface_container_lowest = 0x7f06029c
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/colorPrimaryFixed = 0x7f040116
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_sys_color_light_error_container = 0x7f0601cd
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:drawable/$ic_launcher_foreground__0 = 0x7f080006
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.Button.TextButton.Icon = 0x7f1103fb
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_sys_color_light_background = 0x7f0601cb
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:styleable/ShapeAppearance = 0x7f12007a
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.Material3.NavigationRailView.ActiveIndicator = 0x7f1103b4
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:string/mtrl_timepicker_confirm = 0x7f1000a9
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_switch_unselected_focus_track_outline_color = 0x7f0d0134
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_tertiary_fixed_dim = 0x7f0601ca
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_tertiary_fixed = 0x7f0601c9
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_secondary_fixed = 0x7f0601c7
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_primary_fixed_dim = 0x7f0601c6
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_primary_fixed = 0x7f0601c5
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/behavior_autoShrink = 0x7f040068
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_on_secondary_fixed_variant = 0x7f0601c2
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/mtrl_navigation_rail_margin = 0x7f0702cb
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/mtrl_tooltip_minWidth = 0x7f070302
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_on_secondary_fixed = 0x7f0601c1
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_on_primary_fixed_variant = 0x7f0601c0
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_on_primary_fixed = 0x7f0601bf
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Base.Theme.AppCompat.Dialog.FixedSize = 0x7f11004f
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_searchbar_outlined_stroke_width = 0x7f0701d7
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_light_tertiary_container = 0x7f0601be
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/lyCarroAsientos = 0x7f0900fd
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/materialCalendarDayOfWeekLabel = 0x7f0402db
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_sys_color_on_secondary_fixed_variant = 0x7f0601f0
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_light_surface_variant = 0x7f0601bc
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_light_surface_container_lowest = 0x7f0601ba
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.BottomSheetDialog = 0x7f1102c7
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_light_surface_container_high = 0x7f0601b7
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/drawableStartCompat = 0x7f04018d
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_light_surface_container = 0x7f0601b6
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_light_secondary_container = 0x7f0601b3
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/closeIconStartPadding = 0x7f0400e3
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/mtrl_extended_fab_top_padding = 0x7f0702ac
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_light_secondary = 0x7f0601b2
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/accessibility_custom_action_16 = 0x7f090018
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_comp_sheet_side_docked_container_width = 0x7f07017c
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/design_snackbar_max_width = 0x7f070083
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:layout/design_text_input_end_icon = 0x7f0c002d
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/textAllCaps = 0x7f04042a
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_light_primary_container = 0x7f0601b1
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_light_primary = 0x7f0601b0
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_light_outline_variant = 0x7f0601af
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/TextAppearance.M3.Sys.Typescale.DisplaySmall = 0x7f1101d8
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_dark_surface_container_highest = 0x7f060196
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_light_on_tertiary = 0x7f0601ac
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_light_on_surface = 0x7f0601aa
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_light_on_secondary_container = 0x7f0601a9
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/mock_showLabel = 0x7f040319
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/material_font_1_3_box_collapsed_padding_top = 0x7f070235
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:string/mtrl_switch_thumb_path_checked = 0x7f1000a1
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:layout/material_chip_input_combo = 0x7f0c0038
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_light_on_primary_container = 0x7f0601a7
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_light_on_error_container = 0x7f0601a5
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/primary_dark_material_light = 0x7f0602f0
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/layout_collapseParallaxMultiplier = 0x7f040272
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_light_on_error = 0x7f0601a4
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:styleable/Snackbar = 0x7f12007e
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_light_error_container = 0x7f06019f
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/notification_top_pad_large_text = 0x7f070313
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/collapseIcon = 0x7f0400e8
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_secondary_fixed_dim = 0x7f0601c8
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.ActionBar.Subtitle.Inverse = 0x7f110034
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_light_error = 0x7f06019e
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/mtrl_alert_dialog_background_inset_start = 0x7f070242
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/showTitle = 0x7f0403c4
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/mtrl_progress_circular_inset_medium = 0x7f0702d0
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.Material3.MaterialTimePicker.ImageButton = 0x7f1103b2
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_dark_tertiary_container = 0x7f06019c
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/fontProviderPackage = 0x7f040201
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral_variant10 = 0x7f0600b9
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:drawable/abc_textfield_search_default_mtrl_alpha = 0x7f080075
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_dark_tertiary = 0x7f06019b
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.Material3.Snackbar = 0x7f1103c8
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_comp_primary_navigation_tab_with_icon_icon_size = 0x7f070163
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_dark_surface_variant = 0x7f06019a
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_dark_surface_dim = 0x7f060199
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_dark_surface_container = 0x7f060194
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:string/character_counter_content_description = 0x7f10002d
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_dark_surface_bright = 0x7f060193
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_ref_palette_error60 = 0x7f0600fe
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_comp_suggestion_chip_elevated_container_elevation = 0x7f070185
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/logoDescription = 0x7f0402cb
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_dark_surface = 0x7f060192
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_outlined_text_field_error_supporting_text_color = 0x7f0d00ba
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_dark_secondary = 0x7f060190
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_comp_navigation_drawer_hover_state_layer_opacity = 0x7f070142
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_dark_primary_container = 0x7f06018f
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:drawable/ic_mtrl_checked_circle = 0x7f080096
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_dark_outline_variant = 0x7f06018d
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:layout/design_navigation_item_subheader = 0x7f0c002a
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/dragThreshold = 0x7f040186
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_dark_on_tertiary = 0x7f06018a
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:drawable/design_fab_background = 0x7f080082
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/text2 = 0x7f0901cf
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_appbar_expanded_title_margin_bottom = 0x7f0700a4
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_date_picker_modal_date_today_container_outline_color = 0x7f0d0013
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_dark_on_secondary_container = 0x7f060187
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.Material3.BottomSheet.Modal = 0x7f11034b
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_dark_on_secondary = 0x7f060186
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/contentPaddingRight = 0x7f040144
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_dark_on_primary_container = 0x7f060185
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_extended_fab_secondary_icon_color = 0x7f0d0032
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_dark_on_background = 0x7f060181
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_ref_palette_primary0 = 0x7f060129
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_dark_inverse_surface = 0x7f060180
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.Material3.Button = 0x7f11034c
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_dark_inverse_primary = 0x7f06017f
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_icon_button_icon_color_selector = 0x7f060090
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_divider_heavy_thickness = 0x7f0701a8
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_dark_inverse_on_surface = 0x7f06017e
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/material_personalized_color_surface_bright = 0x7f060297
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_dark_error_container = 0x7f06017d
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Base.Theme.Material3.Light = 0x7f11005f
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/fontProviderSystemFontFamily = 0x7f040203
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/closeIconEndPadding = 0x7f0400e1
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/design_bottom_sheet_elevation = 0x7f07006b
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.ListView.DropDown = 0x7f1100e8
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:string/m3_sys_motion_easing_legacy_decelerate = 0x7f100051
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_sys_color_dark_tertiary_container = 0x7f06017a
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_navigation_rail_item_padding_top = 0x7f0701cc
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/TextAppearance.Design.Error = 0x7f1101cb
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:string/btn_cancelar_add_carro = 0x7f100024
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_dynamic_dark_default_color_primary_text = 0x7f06007e
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_sys_color_dark_surface_dim = 0x7f060177
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/actionModeCutDrawable = 0x7f040017
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_sys_color_dark_surface_container_low = 0x7f060175
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:drawable/$m3_avd_show_password__0 = 0x7f08000a
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/cache_measures = 0x7f090069
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_sys_color_dark_secondary_container = 0x7f06016f
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_sys_motion_easing_legacy_control_y2 = 0x7f0701ff
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_sys_color_dark_secondary = 0x7f06016e
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:styleable/ConstraintLayout_Layout = 0x7f120027
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_sys_color_dark_primary = 0x7f06016c
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_sys_color_dark_outline = 0x7f06016a
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_text_button_foreground_color_selector = 0x7f060200
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/cardview_light_background = 0x7f06002e
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/material_dynamic_neutral95 = 0x7f06022c
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_sys_color_dark_on_tertiary = 0x7f060168
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Subhead = 0x7f1101ab
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/mtrl_textinput_filled_box_default_background_color = 0x7f0602ea
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_sys_color_dark_on_surface_variant = 0x7f060167
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.ProgressIndicator = 0x7f110437
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_navigation_drawer_active_pressed_label_text_color = 0x7f0d0085
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/material_clock_period_toggle = 0x7f090110
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_sys_color_dark_on_secondary_container = 0x7f060165
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.CircularProgressIndicator.Small = 0x7f110409
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_sys_color_dark_on_error = 0x7f060160
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/buttonGravity = 0x7f040090
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/white = 0x7f06030a
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/material_dynamic_secondary50 = 0x7f06024e
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_sys_color_dark_on_background = 0x7f06015f
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_sys_color_dark_inverse_surface = 0x7f06015e
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/cornerFamilyTopRight = 0x7f040150
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:drawable/btn_radio_off_to_on_mtrl_animation = 0x7f08007f
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_ref_palette_neutral_variant80 = 0x7f060125
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_sys_color_dark_inverse_on_surface = 0x7f06015c
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/packed = 0x7f090166
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/material_clock_hand_stroke_width = 0x7f070223
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_sys_color_dark_error = 0x7f06015a
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_switch_track_tint = 0x7f060158
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_switch_thumb_tint = 0x7f060157
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/direct = 0x7f09009d
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/material_dynamic_neutral70 = 0x7f060229
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/mtrl_btn_dialog_btn_min_width = 0x7f070254
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/showCustom = 0x7f09019d
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/abc_list_item_height_large_material = 0x7f070030
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.AppCompat.ActionMode = 0x7f1102ec
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/tabInlineLabel = 0x7f040415
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_slider_thumb_color = 0x7f060156
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_slider_inactive_track_color = 0x7f060155
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/layout_constraintHorizontal_chainStyle = 0x7f04028b
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_slider_halo_color = 0x7f060154
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_selection_control_ripple_color_selector = 0x7f060151
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:styleable/ConstraintLayout_ReactiveGuide = 0x7f120028
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/motionDurationLong2 = 0x7f040320
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/highlight_alpha_material_colored = 0x7f070093
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/material_dynamic_neutral_variant0 = 0x7f06022e
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_ref_palette_white = 0x7f060150
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:layout/mtrl_calendar_month = 0x7f0c0051
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:drawable/$mtrl_checkbox_button_icon_unchecked_checked__1 = 0x7f080019
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/mtrl_extended_fab_min_width = 0x7f0702a9
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:layout/notification_template_icon_group = 0x7f0c0069
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_ref_palette_tertiary99 = 0x7f06014f
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/TextAppearance.MaterialComponents.Tooltip = 0x7f110207
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_sys_motion_easing_legacy_accelerate_control_y2 = 0x7f0701fb
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_ref_palette_tertiary95 = 0x7f06014e
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/abc_text_size_subtitle_material_toolbar = 0x7f07004e
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_navigation_drawer_active_focus_state_layer_color = 0x7f0d007d
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_ref_palette_tertiary70 = 0x7f06014b
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:layout/abc_popup_menu_item_layout = 0x7f0c0013
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_ref_palette_tertiary60 = 0x7f06014a
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_ref_palette_tertiary0 = 0x7f060143
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/autoSizeMinTextSize = 0x7f040041
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:drawable/tooltip_frame_light = 0x7f0800e5
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_sys_elevation_level1 = 0x7f0701eb
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:styleable/DrawerLayout = 0x7f120030
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_ref_palette_secondary40 = 0x7f06013b
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Base.V26.Theme.AppCompat = 0x7f1100b5
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_ref_palette_secondary10 = 0x7f060137
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_card_elevated_dragged_z = 0x7f0700e7
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/match_constraint = 0x7f090107
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_ref_palette_secondary0 = 0x7f060136
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.Material3.MaterialCalendar.DayTextView = 0x7f110397
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_badge_with_text_horizontal_offset = 0x7f0700b7
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/switch_thumb_disabled_material_light = 0x7f060301
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:layout/design_bottom_sheet_dialog = 0x7f0c0021
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_ref_palette_primary99 = 0x7f060135
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_ref_palette_primary95 = 0x7f060134
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_fab_ripple_color_selector = 0x7f06008c
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_ref_palette_primary90 = 0x7f060133
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:styleable/Chip = 0x7f12001d
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:styleable/AnimatedStateListDrawableCompat = 0x7f120007
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_time_picker_period_selector_selected_hover_state_layer_color = 0x7f0d0158
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_ref_palette_primary80 = 0x7f060132
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/emojiCompatEnabled = 0x7f0401a0
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_ref_palette_primary70 = 0x7f060131
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.Material3.NavigationRailView = 0x7f1103b3
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_text_button_ripple_color_selector = 0x7f060201
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.AppCompat.RatingBar.Small = 0x7f110320
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_ref_palette_primary40 = 0x7f06012e
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/paddingEnd = 0x7f040360
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/accessibility_custom_action_18 = 0x7f09001a
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_sys_elevation_level5 = 0x7f0701ef
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_ref_palette_primary20 = 0x7f06012c
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:drawable/abc_scrubber_primary_mtrl_alpha = 0x7f080061
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/MaterialAlertDialog.MaterialComponents.Title.Icon = 0x7f110130
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_ref_palette_primary10 = 0x7f06012a
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_ref_palette_neutral_variant99 = 0x7f060128
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.Dialog = 0x7f110264
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/material_dynamic_neutral_variant10 = 0x7f06022f
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/cardPreventCornerOverlap = 0x7f04009f
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/layout_constraintGuide_end = 0x7f040283
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_ref_palette_neutral_variant95 = 0x7f060127
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_carousel_gone_size = 0x7f0700ef
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_ref_palette_neutral_variant70 = 0x7f060124
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/quantizeMotionPhase = 0x7f040388
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/layout_wrapBehaviorInParent = 0x7f0402b2
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_ref_palette_neutral_variant60 = 0x7f060123
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/ShapeAppearance.M3.Sys.Shape.Corner.ExtraLarge = 0x7f110167
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_ref_palette_neutral_variant40 = 0x7f060121
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.AppCompat.ButtonBar = 0x7f1102f5
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/TextAppearance.Design.CollapsingToolbar.Expanded = 0x7f1101c8
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_ref_palette_neutral_variant20 = 0x7f06011f
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/liftOnScroll = 0x7f0402b3
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_ref_palette_neutral_variant10 = 0x7f06011d
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/endIconCheckable = 0x7f0401a2
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/touchRegionId = 0x7f0404a0
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_sys_color_dark_on_primary_container = 0x7f060163
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/fitCenter = 0x7f0900c1
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_ref_palette_neutral99 = 0x7f06011b
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_ref_palette_neutral98 = 0x7f06011a
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.TextInputEditText = 0x7f1102d9
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_ref_palette_neutral94 = 0x7f060117
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:styleable/KeyTimeCycle = 0x7f120045
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_ref_palette_neutral92 = 0x7f060116
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Theme.Design.Light.NoActionBar = 0x7f110225
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_ref_palette_neutral90 = 0x7f060115
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Platform.MaterialComponents.Light = 0x7f11013a
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/material_personalized_color_primary_text_inverse = 0x7f060291
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_ref_palette_neutral87 = 0x7f060114
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_switch_unselected_focus_track_color = 0x7f0d0133
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:layout/design_bottom_navigation_item = 0x7f0c0020
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_large_text_vertical_offset_adjustment = 0x7f0701b5
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.Material3.MaterialCalendar.Fullscreen = 0x7f110398
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_ref_palette_neutral70 = 0x7f060112
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/triggerSlack = 0x7f0404b5
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_ref_palette_neutral60 = 0x7f060111
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_ref_palette_neutral50 = 0x7f06010f
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:string/abc_searchview_description_search = 0x7f100015
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/abc_dialog_list_padding_bottom_no_buttons = 0x7f070020
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_ref_palette_neutral40 = 0x7f06010e
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_ref_palette_neutral22 = 0x7f06010a
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_sys_motion_easing_standard_decelerate_control_x2 = 0x7f070211
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/popupTheme = 0x7f04037e
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.TextInputLayout.FilledBox = 0x7f110444
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:animator/mtrl_fab_show_motion_spec = 0x7f02001f
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_ref_palette_error40 = 0x7f0600fc
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_time_picker_time_selector_separator_type = 0x7f0d0167
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_outlined_card_pressed_outline_color = 0x7f0d00b2
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/forever = 0x7f0900c9
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_ref_palette_error30 = 0x7f0600fb
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_light_surface_container_highest = 0x7f0601b8
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/switchStyle = 0x7f040407
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_ref_palette_error20 = 0x7f0600fa
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/textAppearanceHeadlineSmall = 0x7f04043d
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.NoActionBar.Bridge = 0x7f110270
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:string/side_sheet_behavior = 0x7f1000b4
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_tertiary99 = 0x7f0600f6
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_comp_elevated_button_container_elevation = 0x7f070109
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_tertiary70 = 0x7f0600f2
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/multiChoiceItemLayout = 0x7f040348
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/measureWithLargestChild = 0x7f04030a
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/materialDividerStyle = 0x7f0402f1
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_tertiary50 = 0x7f0600f0
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/tabMode = 0x7f0901c0
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/itemHorizontalTranslationEnabled = 0x7f040246
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_extended_fab_start_padding = 0x7f0701ad
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_slider_active_track_color = 0x7f0d010c
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_tertiary40 = 0x7f0600ef
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/material_timepicker_button_stroke = 0x7f0602b2
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_navigation_drawer_active_focus_label_text_color = 0x7f0d007c
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_tertiary20 = 0x7f0600ed
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_tertiary100 = 0x7f0600ec
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/chipIconEnabled = 0x7f0400c3
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_tertiary10 = 0x7f0600eb
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_tertiary0 = 0x7f0600ea
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_secondary95 = 0x7f0600e8
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/mtrl_on_surface_ripple_color = 0x7f0602d9
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:string/androidx_startup = 0x7f10001b
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_secondary60 = 0x7f0600e4
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_ref_palette_neutral24 = 0x7f06010b
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_ref_palette_neutral95 = 0x7f060118
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/design_default_color_primary_dark = 0x7f060049
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/listPreferredItemHeight = 0x7f0402c2
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.ActionButton.Overflow = 0x7f1100c9
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_primary80 = 0x7f0600d9
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.TimePicker.Clock = 0x7f11044f
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_ref_palette_error95 = 0x7f060102
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.AppCompat.Light.ActionBar.Solid.Inverse = 0x7f110300
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_searchbar_margin_vertical = 0x7f0701d6
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/sizePercent = 0x7f0403cf
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_primary60 = 0x7f0600d7
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:drawable/abc_btn_switch_to_on_mtrl_00001 = 0x7f080036
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/textAppearanceHeadline2 = 0x7f040436
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_primary10 = 0x7f0600d1
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_navigation_drawer_inactive_icon_color = 0x7f0d008f
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/mtrl_textinput_box_stroke_width_focused = 0x7f0702f9
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_primary0 = 0x7f0600d0
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:string/mtrl_checkbox_button_icon_path_group_name = 0x7f10006e
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/accessibility_custom_action_30 = 0x7f090028
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_comp_fab_primary_container_elevation = 0x7f070116
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_button_outline_color_selector = 0x7f060068
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/material_personalized_color_surface_inverse = 0x7f06029e
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/mtrl_switch_thumb_icon_size = 0x7f0702f1
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral_variant99 = 0x7f0600cf
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:drawable/abc_seekbar_thumb_material = 0x7f080063
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/currentState = 0x7f09008b
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/checkedButton = 0x7f0400b3
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_comp_sheet_side_docked_standard_container_elevation = 0x7f07017e
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral_variant87 = 0x7f0600c8
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/behavior_skipCollapsed = 0x7f040072
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Theme.Material3.Light.Dialog.MinWidth = 0x7f11023e
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral_variant70 = 0x7f0600c6
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral_variant40 = 0x7f0600c2
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.Material3.MaterialCalendar.HeaderLayout = 0x7f11039b
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/material_dynamic_secondary40 = 0x7f06024d
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:styleable/NavigationRailView = 0x7f12006b
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral_variant100 = 0x7f0600ba
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:drawable/mtrl_checkbox_button_icon_checked_indeterminate = 0x7f0800b4
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/accessibility_custom_action_2 = 0x7f09001c
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/maxVelocity = 0x7f040308
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral99 = 0x7f0600b7
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:animator/mtrl_extended_fab_change_size_expand_motion_spec = 0x7f02001a
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/call_notification_decline_color = 0x7f06002b
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/colorPrimaryContainer = 0x7f040114
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral96 = 0x7f0600b5
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/contentScrim = 0x7f040147
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_card_foreground_color = 0x7f06006d
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral94 = 0x7f0600b3
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral92 = 0x7f0600b2
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_comp_extended_fab_primary_hover_container_elevation = 0x7f070111
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/mtrl_calendar_selection_text_baseline_to_bottom = 0x7f07028a
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/accessibility_custom_action_17 = 0x7f090019
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/listMenuViewStyle = 0x7f0402c0
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_ref_palette_neutral10 = 0x7f060105
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_light_surface_container_low = 0x7f0601b9
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/abc_action_button_min_width_overflow_material = 0x7f07000f
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:anim/m3_bottom_sheet_slide_in = 0x7f010021
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral70 = 0x7f0600ae
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/warmth = 0x7f0404c5
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/SHIFT = 0x7f090007
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_badge_offset = 0x7f0700b4
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/material_personalized_color_error_container = 0x7f06027e
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral60 = 0x7f0600ad
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/ThemeOverlay.AppCompat.Light = 0x7f11027a
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral40 = 0x7f0600aa
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/abc_button_inset_horizontal_material = 0x7f070012
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:drawable/notification_oversize_large_icon_bg = 0x7f0800de
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/ThemeOverlay.AppCompat.Dark = 0x7f110274
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/collapsingToolbarLayoutMediumStyle = 0x7f0400f0
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/backgroundInsetEnd = 0x7f04004a
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.MaterialCalendar.Day = 0x7f110415
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/materialSearchViewToolbarHeight = 0x7f0402f9
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.ActionBar.TabBar = 0x7f1100c4
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral4 = 0x7f0600a9
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:drawable/material_ic_keyboard_arrow_left_black_24dp = 0x7f0800aa
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:drawable/mtrl_checkbox_button_icon_checked_unchecked = 0x7f0800b5
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral_variant95 = 0x7f0600cc
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.ActionMode = 0x7f1103e2
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_ref_palette_secondary100 = 0x7f060138
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral22 = 0x7f0600a6
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/sin = 0x7f0901a0
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral17 = 0x7f0600a4
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/suffixTextAppearance = 0x7f040402
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral12 = 0x7f0600a3
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral100 = 0x7f0600a2
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:animator/m3_btn_elevated_btn_state_list_anim = 0x7f02000a
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_radiobutton_ripple_tint = 0x7f06009e
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_comp_input_chip_container_height = 0x7f070132
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/textAppearanceSearchResultTitle = 0x7f040449
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_comp_date_picker_modal_range_selection_header_container_height = 0x7f070107
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_extended_fab_surface_icon_color = 0x7f0d0034
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/selection_type = 0x7f090199
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_ref_palette_tertiary50 = 0x7f060149
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/textAppearanceHeadline5 = 0x7f040439
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_navigation_rail_item_with_indicator_label_tint = 0x7f060099
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:styleable/ExtendedFloatingActionButton = 0x7f120031
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_navigation_bar_item_with_indicator_label_tint = 0x7f060092
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/customColorValue = 0x7f040164
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/mtrl_card_checked_layer_id = 0x7f090131
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_filled_icon_button_container_color_selector = 0x7f06008d
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_timepicker_display_stroke_width = 0x7f070218
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_elevated_chip_background_color = 0x7f060089
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_dynamic_dark_primary_text_disable_only = 0x7f060082
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_dynamic_dark_default_color_secondary_text = 0x7f06007f
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Base.Widget.Material3.ExtendedFloatingActionButton = 0x7f110106
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_navigation_item_active_indicator_label_padding = 0x7f0701b9
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:anim/mtrl_card_lowers_interpolator = 0x7f01002b
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:string/material_clock_toggle_content_description = 0x7f100057
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral10 = 0x7f0600a1
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_default_color_secondary_text = 0x7f06007d
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/autoShowKeyboard = 0x7f04003f
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/colorError = 0x7f0400fa
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_default_color_primary_text = 0x7f06007c
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.CheckedTextView = 0x7f110400
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.Toolbar = 0x7f1100fa
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/actionBarWidgetTheme = 0x7f04000c
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/material_personalized_color_surface_dim = 0x7f06029d
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_comp_outlined_text_field_focus_outline_width = 0x7f07015a
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/navigationViewStyle = 0x7f04034e
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/forceApplySystemWindowInsetTop = 0x7f040207
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral_variant60 = 0x7f0600c5
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/ShapeAppearance.M3.Sys.Shape.Corner.ExtraSmall = 0x7f110168
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_badge_large_label_text_type = 0x7f0d0004
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/stackFromEnd = 0x7f0403df
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/material_clock_face_margin_top = 0x7f070220
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_ref_palette_secondary99 = 0x7f060142
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral_variant6 = 0x7f0600c4
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/material_dynamic_secondary80 = 0x7f060251
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/allowStacking = 0x7f04002d
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/checkedState = 0x7f0400bc
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/action_menu_presenter = 0x7f09003f
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_dark_highlighted_text = 0x7f060079
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_chip_stroke_color = 0x7f060075
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_chip_ripple_color = 0x7f060074
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.BottomAppBar.PrimarySurface = 0x7f1103ed
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_chip_background_color = 0x7f060073
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Theme.Material3.Dark.Dialog.MinWidth = 0x7f11022b
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_chip_assist_text_color = 0x7f060072
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/colorSurfaceVariant = 0x7f040129
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:drawable/ic_call_answer_video = 0x7f08008a
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/all = 0x7f090049
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/materialCalendarYearNavigationButton = 0x7f0402e8
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/mtrl_navigation_rail_icon_margin = 0x7f0702c9
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_comp_extended_fab_primary_container_height = 0x7f07010e
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_button_ripple_color_selector = 0x7f06006a
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:styleable/BottomNavigationView = 0x7f120016
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:layout/abc_alert_dialog_material = 0x7f0c0009
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/boxBackgroundMode = 0x7f04007f
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:string/bottomsheet_action_expand = 0x7f100020
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_date_picker_modal_range_selection_month_subhead_type = 0x7f0d001d
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_button_ripple_color = 0x7f060069
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/listPreferredItemPaddingStart = 0x7f0402c8
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_comp_filter_chip_container_height = 0x7f07012c
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_navigation_bar_item_with_indicator_icon_tint = 0x7f060091
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/material_personalized_color_surface_container = 0x7f060298
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_sys_color_dark_error_container = 0x7f06015b
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/carousel_touchUp_velocityThreshold = 0x7f0400ac
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_filled_text_field_error_supporting_text_color = 0x7f0d004f
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/dividerVertical = 0x7f040183
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/colorOnPrimaryFixed = 0x7f040103
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_simple_item_color_hovered_alpha = 0x7f0701e2
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/row_index_key = 0x7f090182
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/checkedIconVisible = 0x7f0400bb
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_bottom_sheet_drag_handle_color = 0x7f060065
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:drawable/abc_list_pressed_holo_dark = 0x7f080051
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/errorTextColor = 0x7f0401b6
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/textAppearanceTitleMedium = 0x7f04044e
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_assist_chip_stroke_color = 0x7f060064
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_appbar_overlay_color = 0x7f060062
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_snackbar_container_color = 0x7f0d0114
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_navigation_drawer_layout_corner_size = 0x7f0701b8
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_side_sheet_margin_detached = 0x7f0701de
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_dynamic_default_color_primary_text = 0x7f060083
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/highlighted_text_material_dark = 0x7f060060
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:layout/mtrl_calendar_year = 0x7f0c0056
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/layout_constraintVertical_bias = 0x7f040299
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/layout_constraintRight_creator = 0x7f040290
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/design_bottom_sheet = 0x7f090096
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/materialDividerHeavyStyle = 0x7f0402f0
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/dim_foreground_disabled_material_dark = 0x7f060058
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/design_snackbar_background_color = 0x7f060057
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/design_fab_stroke_top_outer_color = 0x7f060055
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/design_fab_shadow_start_color = 0x7f060051
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/design_fab_shadow_mid_color = 0x7f060050
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/primary_text_default_material_dark = 0x7f0602f3
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/disableIntraAutoTransition = 0x7f09009f
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/design_fab_shadow_end_color = 0x7f06004f
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/recyclerViewStyle = 0x7f040396
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/design_default_color_surface = 0x7f06004d
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/material_personalized__highlighted_text_inverse = 0x7f060278
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/colorOnPrimaryFixedVariant = 0x7f040104
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.DynamicColors.Dark = 0x7f110298
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/cancel = 0x7f06002c
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/elevationOverlayColor = 0x7f04019e
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/design_default_color_secondary_variant = 0x7f06004c
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/design_default_color_primary_variant = 0x7f06004a
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_ref_palette_error100 = 0x7f0600f9
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/design_default_color_on_primary = 0x7f060045
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_fab_primary_container_shape = 0x7f0d0038
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/design_default_color_on_background = 0x7f060043
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/floatingActionButtonSmallSurfaceStyle = 0x7f0401e3
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/design_dark_default_color_secondary_variant = 0x7f06003f
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:layout/abc_alert_dialog_title_material = 0x7f0c000a
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/itemShapeInsetTop = 0x7f040256
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/staggered = 0x7f0403e0
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/indeterminateAnimationType = 0x7f040235
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/design_dark_default_color_secondary = 0x7f06003e
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/mtrl_picker_text_input_date = 0x7f09013a
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:animator/m3_chip_state_list_anim = 0x7f02000e
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/mtrl_badge_toolbar_action_menu_item_vertical_offset = 0x7f07024b
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/mtrl_navigation_rail_elevation = 0x7f0702c8
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/design_dark_default_color_primary_variant = 0x7f06003d
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Base.V24.Theme.Material3.Dark = 0x7f1100b1
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/materialCalendarMonthNavigationButton = 0x7f0402e5
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.Toolbar = 0x7f110457
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Platform.AppCompat = 0x7f110136
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/checkedIconMargin = 0x7f0400b8
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:anim/abc_fade_out = 0x7f010001
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/design_dark_default_color_on_surface = 0x7f06003a
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/design_dark_default_color_on_secondary = 0x7f060039
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_popupmenu_overlay_color = 0x7f06009b
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/onStateTransition = 0x7f04035a
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/design_dark_default_color_on_error = 0x7f060037
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/guidelineUseRtl = 0x7f04020e
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/mtrl_switch_track_decoration_tint = 0x7f0602e0
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/design_dark_default_color_background = 0x7f060034
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:drawable/abc_star_half_black_48dp = 0x7f080069
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/confirm = 0x7f060031
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/colorBackgroundFloating = 0x7f0400f4
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/tag_on_receive_content_mime_types = 0x7f0901c7
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/closeIconVisible = 0x7f0400e5
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/layout_constraintHeight_max = 0x7f040287
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/initialActivityCount = 0x7f04023c
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_sys_color_light_on_primary = 0x7f0601d4
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/cardview_dark_background = 0x7f06002d
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_switch_disabled_selected_handle_color = 0x7f0d011a
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/colorOnPrimaryContainer = 0x7f040102
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/button_material_dark = 0x7f060028
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/mtrl_progress_circular_inset_extra_small = 0x7f0702cf
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_radio_button_unselected_hover_state_layer_color = 0x7f0d00e3
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/materialCalendarMonth = 0x7f0402e4
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/material_personalized_hint_foreground_inverse = 0x7f0602a8
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.Material3.Chip.Input.Elevated = 0x7f110368
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_search_bar_input_text_type = 0x7f0d00eb
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/endIconMinSize = 0x7f0401a5
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/track = 0x7f0404a1
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_card_stroke_color = 0x7f06006f
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_button_background_color_selector = 0x7f060066
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/material_personalized_color_secondary_text = 0x7f060294
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/right_icon = 0x7f09017f
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/cornerFamilyTopLeft = 0x7f04014f
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_navigation_item_background_color = 0x7f060094
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/accent_material_light = 0x7f06001a
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_time_picker_headline_type = 0x7f0d0152
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/accessibility_custom_action_1 = 0x7f090011
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.AppCompat.ActionBar.TabBar = 0x7f1102e6
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:drawable/$mtrl_switch_thumb_pressed_checked__0 = 0x7f080024
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.Material3.SideSheet = 0x7f1103c2
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/cardview_shadow_end_color = 0x7f06002f
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/TextAppearance.MaterialComponents.Headline2 = 0x7f1101fe
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/abc_tint_switch_track = 0x7f060018
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:drawable/notification_bg_low_normal = 0x7f0800d9
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/colorSurfaceContainerLowest = 0x7f040126
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Base.Theme.AppCompat.CompactMenu = 0x7f11004c
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/material_textinput_timepicker = 0x7f090116
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/abc_tint_spinner = 0x7f060017
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/flow_padding = 0x7f0401f5
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_textfield_stroke_color = 0x7f060206
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/abc_dialog_padding_top_material = 0x7f070025
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/region_widthLessThan = 0x7f040399
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/subheaderTextAppearance = 0x7f0403fa
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/waveOffset = 0x7f0404c7
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/abc_search_url_text_pressed = 0x7f06000f
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_alert_dialog_action_bottom_padding = 0x7f07009d
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/abc_search_url_text_normal = 0x7f06000e
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:drawable/abc_control_background_material = 0x7f08003b
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:anim/btn_radio_to_on_mtrl_dot_group_animation = 0x7f010015
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_tertiary80 = 0x7f0600f3
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/abc_primary_text_material_dark = 0x7f06000b
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/mtrl_extended_fab_start_padding_icon = 0x7f0702ab
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/abc_primary_text_disable_only_material_light = 0x7f06000a
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/abc_hint_foreground_material_light = 0x7f060008
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/TextAppearance.Material3.HeadlineMedium = 0x7f1101eb
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_primary20 = 0x7f0600d3
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_sys_motion_easing_linear_control_y1 = 0x7f070206
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_time_picker_time_selector_separator_color = 0x7f0d0166
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_ref_palette_secondary60 = 0x7f06013d
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/abc_hint_foreground_material_dark = 0x7f060007
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/off = 0x7f090152
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_sys_color_on_tertiary_fixed_variant = 0x7f0601f2
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/itemTextAppearanceActive = 0x7f04025b
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.TabLayout = 0x7f11043d
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_sys_color_light_surface_container_high = 0x7f0601e5
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/abc_decor_view_status_guard = 0x7f060005
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Base.V14.Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.Dialog = 0x7f110098
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/ripple_material_dark = 0x7f0602fa
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/abc_btn_colored_borderless_text_material = 0x7f060002
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:layout/material_time_input = 0x7f0c0042
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_timepicker_display_text_color = 0x7f06020d
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Base.Theme.AppCompat.Light.DialogWhenLarge = 0x7f110058
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/abc_background_cache_hint_selector_material_light = 0x7f060001
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/motionDurationMedium3 = 0x7f040325
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/yearTodayStyle = 0x7f0404d8
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/material_on_primary_disabled = 0x7f060270
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/carousel_backwardTransition = 0x7f0400a3
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/material_dynamic_neutral60 = 0x7f060228
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:drawable/$avd_show_password__2 = 0x7f080005
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/windowNoTitle = 0x7f0404d5
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_sys_motion_easing_linear_control_x2 = 0x7f070205
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/windowMinWidthMinor = 0x7f0404d4
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_secondary50 = 0x7f0600e3
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/windowFixedWidthMinor = 0x7f0404d2
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/counterOverflowTextAppearance = 0x7f040159
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/windowActionBar = 0x7f0404cc
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/borderWidth = 0x7f040076
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:integer/mtrl_switch_thumb_motion_duration = 0x7f0a0036
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/tooltip_precise_anchor_extra_offset = 0x7f070317
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/waveVariesBy = 0x7f0404cb
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_appbar_size_medium = 0x7f0700ab
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/thumbIconTint = 0x7f040471
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/waveDecay = 0x7f0404c6
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_secondary100 = 0x7f0600df
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/BOTTOM_END = 0x7f090001
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/mtrl_btn_text_btn_bg_color_selector = 0x7f0602b9
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/voiceIcon = 0x7f0404c4
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/borderRound = 0x7f040074
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/accessibility_custom_action_6 = 0x7f09002c
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/maxImageSize = 0x7f040305
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/viewTransitionMode = 0x7f0404bf
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/abc_dialog_fixed_height_minor = 0x7f07001d
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/viewInflaterClass = 0x7f0404be
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_comp_switch_track_width = 0x7f070192
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_btn_inset = 0x7f0700d7
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/isMaterialTheme = 0x7f040241
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/values = 0x7f0404bb
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_primary99 = 0x7f0600dc
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_sys_motion_easing_standard_control_y1 = 0x7f07020e
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/honorRequest = 0x7f0900db
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_ref_palette_tertiary90 = 0x7f06014d
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/design_fab_stroke_end_inner_color = 0x7f060052
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/ShapeAppearanceOverlay.MaterialComponents.TextInputLayout.FilledBox = 0x7f110192
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_checkbox_unselected_outline_color = 0x7f0d000c
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/SHOW_ALL = 0x7f090008
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/useMaterialThemeColors = 0x7f0404ba
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/floating = 0x7f0900c8
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_comp_time_picker_period_selector_outline_width = 0x7f07019d
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/tooltipStyle = 0x7f04049b
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/design_navigation_item_vertical_padding = 0x7f07007a
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:integer/material_motion_path = 0x7f0a002c
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/state_above_anchor = 0x7f0403e8
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/design_dark_default_color_on_primary = 0x7f060038
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:drawable/abc_list_divider_mtrl_alpha = 0x7f08004e
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/textAppearanceDisplaySmall = 0x7f040434
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.ActionBar.Surface = 0x7f1102bf
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/useDrawerArrowDrawable = 0x7f0404b9
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/drawerLayoutStyle = 0x7f040193
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/colorOnBackground = 0x7f0400fc
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/tabIndicatorFullWidth = 0x7f040412
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/triggerReceiver = 0x7f0404b4
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:string/status_bar_notification_info_overflow = 0x7f1000b5
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/abc_edit_text_inset_top_material = 0x7f07002e
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/material_grey_850 = 0x7f060267
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/transitionFlags = 0x7f0404b0
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/menuAlignmentMode = 0x7f04030c
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/dialogPreferredPadding = 0x7f040179
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Headline = 0x7f11001f
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_checkbox_selected_container_color = 0x7f0d0006
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/mtrl_exposed_dropdown_menu_popup_vertical_padding = 0x7f07029f
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/transitionEasing = 0x7f0404af
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/transformPivotTarget = 0x7f0404ad
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/abc_list_item_height_material = 0x7f070031
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/mtrl_calendar_header_toggle_margin_bottom = 0x7f07027f
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/colorOnSurfaceVariant = 0x7f04010c
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/trackTintMode = 0x7f0404ac
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/ShapeAppearance.M3.Comp.SearchView.FullScreen.Container.Shape = 0x7f110161
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_dynamic_hint_foreground = 0x7f060086
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/mock_diagonalsColor = 0x7f040314
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.Spinner = 0x7f1100f6
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/material_dynamic_neutral_variant90 = 0x7f060238
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_navigation_bar_active_focus_label_text_color = 0x7f0d0063
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/splitTrack = 0x7f0403d8
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/RtlOverlay.Widget.AppCompat.SearchView.MagIcon = 0x7f110152
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/ratio = 0x7f090178
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/trackThickness = 0x7f0404aa
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_sys_color_dark_on_secondary = 0x7f060164
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/firstBaselineToTopHeight = 0x7f0401d8
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/design_default_color_error = 0x7f060042
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:integer/mtrl_card_anim_duration_ms = 0x7f0a0034
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/trackDecorationTintMode = 0x7f0404a8
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Base.Widget.MaterialComponents.TextInputLayout = 0x7f11011d
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/textureBlurFactor = 0x7f040467
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/trackDecoration = 0x7f0404a6
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/material_emphasis_disabled = 0x7f07022d
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/design_navigation_item_horizontal_padding = 0x7f070078
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Theme.Material3.Dark = 0x7f110227
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/trackColor = 0x7f0404a2
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/textStartPadding = 0x7f040466
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral0 = 0x7f0600a0
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:integer/mtrl_view_gone = 0x7f0a003f
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/autoComplete = 0x7f090054
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/mtrl_textinput_counter_margin_start = 0x7f0702fa
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/material_personalized_color_text_secondary_and_tertiary_inverse = 0x7f0602a5
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/design_dark_default_color_on_background = 0x7f060036
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/mtrl_alert_dialog_picker_background_inset = 0x7f070244
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_light_surface_bright = 0x7f0601b5
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/design_icon_tint = 0x7f060056
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:drawable/abc_btn_radio_to_on_mtrl_015 = 0x7f080035
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:integer/mtrl_calendar_selection_text_lines = 0x7f0a0031
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/textAppearancePopupMenuHeader = 0x7f040447
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/touchAnchorSide = 0x7f04049f
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.Material3.MaterialCalendar.Day = 0x7f110392
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_secondary80 = 0x7f0600e6
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_comp_fab_primary_container_height = 0x7f070117
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.Material3.ExtendedFloatingActionButton.Tertiary = 0x7f110381
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/shapeAppearanceCornerSmall = 0x7f0403b5
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/design_snackbar_action_text_color_alpha = 0x7f07007f
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/material_clock_level = 0x7f09010d
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:drawable/material_cursor_drawable = 0x7f0800a6
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/layout_keyline = 0x7f0402ac
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/motionDurationLong4 = 0x7f040322
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/viewTransitionOnNegativeCross = 0x7f0404c1
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/toolbarStyle = 0x7f040497
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_switch_selected_focus_track_color = 0x7f0d0124
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/titleTextEllipsize = 0x7f040492
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/editTextBackground = 0x7f040199
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/liftOnScrollTargetViewId = 0x7f0402b5
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/titleMargins = 0x7f04048e
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_comp_navigation_rail_container_width = 0x7f07014a
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_switch_unselected_pressed_track_color = 0x7f0d013f
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_extended_fab_primary_label_text_type = 0x7f0d0030
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/actionModeSplitBackground = 0x7f04001d
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/titleMarginTop = 0x7f04048d
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/abc_primary_text_disable_only_material_dark = 0x7f060009
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/titleMarginStart = 0x7f04048c
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/colorControlActivated = 0x7f0400f7
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:layout/loading_layout = 0x7f0c0032
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/verticalOffsetWithText = 0x7f0404bd
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/backHandlingEnabled = 0x7f040046
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/titleMarginBottom = 0x7f04048a
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:drawable/notification_bg_low_pressed = 0x7f0800da
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/colorOnContainer = 0x7f0400fd
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/materialIconButtonFilledTonalStyle = 0x7f0402f3
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/titleEnabled = 0x7f040488
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_comp_sheet_bottom_docked_drag_handle_height = 0x7f070178
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/titleCollapseMode = 0x7f040487
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/title = 0x7f040485
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/layout_goneMarginRight = 0x7f0402a8
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/tint = 0x7f040482
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/passwordToggleContentDescription = 0x7f04036a
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_comp_search_view_container_elevation = 0x7f070171
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/material_dynamic_secondary100 = 0x7f06024a
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/textAppearanceLineHeightEnabled = 0x7f040442
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/tickMarkTintMode = 0x7f04047e
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/waveShape = 0x7f0404ca
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/toggleCheckedStateOnClick = 0x7f040494
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/tickMarkTint = 0x7f04047d
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/tickColorInactive = 0x7f04047b
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/deltaPolarAngle = 0x7f040175
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.AppCompat.ActionBar.TabView = 0x7f1102e8
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_primary90 = 0x7f0600da
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral_variant94 = 0x7f0600cb
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/dropDownBackgroundTint = 0x7f040194
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_navigation_rail_ripple_color_selector = 0x7f06009a
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/thumbTintMode = 0x7f040478
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/material_dynamic_tertiary50 = 0x7f06025b
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:styleable/CompoundButton = 0x7f120025
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/abc_tint_btn_checkable = 0x7f060013
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/tintNavigationIcon = 0x7f040484
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/autoCompleteToEnd = 0x7f090055
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/labelVisibilityMode = 0x7f040266
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/thumbTextPadding = 0x7f040476
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/marginHorizontal = 0x7f0402cd
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/thumbStrokeColor = 0x7f040474
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/thumbRadius = 0x7f040473
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/thumbIconTintMode = 0x7f040472
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:drawable/design_ic_visibility_off = 0x7f080084
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:string/mtrl_picker_save = 0x7f100093
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/colorSecondaryVariant = 0x7f04011f
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/visibilityMode = 0x7f0404c3
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/material_personalized_color_surface_variant = 0x7f06029f
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/mtrl_slider_halo_radius = 0x7f0702df
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/indicatorDirectionLinear = 0x7f040239
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/thumbIconSize = 0x7f040470
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/material_grey_100 = 0x7f060262
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/material_dynamic_neutral_variant100 = 0x7f060230
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/daySelectedStyle = 0x7f04016d
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.AppCompat.Light.ActionBar = 0x7f1102fe
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/thumbIcon = 0x7f04046f
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_secondary_navigation_tab_label_text_type = 0x7f0d0101
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_ref_palette_error0 = 0x7f0600f7
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/thumbElevation = 0x7f04046e
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/thumbColor = 0x7f04046d
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Base.ThemeOverlay.AppCompat.Light = 0x7f11007e
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/thickness = 0x7f04046c
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_extended_fab_primary_icon_color = 0x7f0d002f
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/abc_button_padding_vertical_material = 0x7f070015
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_navigation_drawer_inactive_focus_icon_color = 0x7f0d0089
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_secondary20 = 0x7f0600e0
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/textureHeight = 0x7f040469
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:styleable/MaterialCheckBox = 0x7f120054
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/textOutlineThickness = 0x7f040463
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/textAppearanceBody1 = 0x7f04042b
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/textInputOutlinedStyle = 0x7f04045f
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/mtrl_slider_track_side_padding = 0x7f0702e7
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/textInputOutlinedExposedDropdownMenuStyle = 0x7f04045e
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Theme.Material3.DayNight.Dialog = 0x7f110231
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/abc_tint_edittext = 0x7f060015
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/abc_floating_window_z = 0x7f07002f
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/accessibility_custom_action_12 = 0x7f090014
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/actionModeShareDrawable = 0x7f04001c
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:bool/abc_config_actionMenuItemAllCaps = 0x7f050001
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/textFillColor = 0x7f040458
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.Material3.MaterialTimePicker.Display = 0x7f1103ad
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/abc_list_item_padding_horizontal_material = 0x7f070033
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/chipIconSize = 0x7f0400c4
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_alert_dialog_title_bottom_margin = 0x7f0700a3
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/textEndPadding = 0x7f040457
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/titleTextStyle = 0x7f040493
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/textColorSearchUrl = 0x7f040456
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_comp_linear_progress_indicator_active_indicator_height = 0x7f070136
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/checkMarkCompat = 0x7f0400af
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/extendStrategy = 0x7f0401c3
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/textColorAlertDialogListItem = 0x7f040455
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_radio_button_selected_pressed_state_layer_color = 0x7f0d00df
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/foreground_material_light = 0x7f06005f
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.MaterialCalendar.DayOfWeekLabel = 0x7f110419
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/textBackgroundRotate = 0x7f040453
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/textAppearanceTitleSmall = 0x7f04044f
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/textPanX = 0x7f040464
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/ttcIndex = 0x7f0404b6
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_dark_on_error = 0x7f060182
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.CompoundButton.Switch = 0x7f11040d
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/customNavigationLayout = 0x7f040168
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/design_box_stroke_color = 0x7f060033
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_fab_efab_foreground_color_selector = 0x7f06008b
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/backgroundOverlayColorAlpha = 0x7f04004d
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/textAppearanceTitleLarge = 0x7f04044d
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:string/m3_ref_typeface_brand_regular = 0x7f100048
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/material_dynamic_tertiary40 = 0x7f06025a
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral_variant90 = 0x7f0600c9
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Base.Theme.MaterialComponents.Dialog = 0x7f110068
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/design_dark_default_color_primary = 0x7f06003b
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/error_color_material_dark = 0x7f06005c
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/textInputStyle = 0x7f040460
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/tag_transition_group = 0x7f0901ca
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_sys_color_light_on_background = 0x7f0601d1
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/mtrl_extended_fab_min_height = 0x7f0702a8
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/textAppearanceListItemSecondary = 0x7f040444
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/abc_tint_seek_thumb = 0x7f060016
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_comp_filter_chip_flat_container_elevation = 0x7f07012e
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/outward = 0x7f090164
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/textAppearanceListItem = 0x7f040443
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.AppCompat.ProgressBar.Horizontal = 0x7f11031d
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/collapsedSize = 0x7f0400e9
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/materialButtonStyle = 0x7f0402d8
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.ActionMode.Subtitle = 0x7f110037
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_outlined_button_pressed_outline_color = 0x7f0d00aa
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_navigation_drawer_active_label_text_color = 0x7f0d0083
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/textAppearanceHeadline6 = 0x7f04043a
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/design_snackbar_background_corner_radius = 0x7f070080
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:styleable/ConstraintSet = 0x7f12002b
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/textAppearanceHeadline3 = 0x7f040437
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/badgeTextAppearance = 0x7f040059
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_chip_disabled_translation_z = 0x7f0700f5
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_time_picker_period_selector_label_text_type = 0x7f0d0154
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_elevated_button_container_color = 0x7f0d002a
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/x_right = 0x7f09020f
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/textAppearanceHeadline1 = 0x7f040435
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/materialAlertDialogButtonSpacerVisibility = 0x7f0402d2
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_navigation_bar_active_focus_state_layer_color = 0x7f0d0064
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_filled_card_container_color = 0x7f0d0047
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/mtrl_btn_ripple_color = 0x7f0602b7
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral20 = 0x7f0600a5
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/mtrl_card_spacing = 0x7f07029a
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.Design.ScrimInsetsFrameLayout = 0x7f110335
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/itemBackground = 0x7f040243
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/transitionPathRotate = 0x7f0404b1
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_dark_surface_container_high = 0x7f060195
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Base.V14.Theme.Material3.Light = 0x7f11008d
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/textAppearanceButton = 0x7f040430
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/design_default_color_on_secondary = 0x7f060046
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/boxStrokeWidth = 0x7f040087
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:styleable/PropertySet = 0x7f120071
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.Material3.MaterialCalendar.DayOfWeekLabel = 0x7f110396
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Base.Widget.MaterialComponents.Snackbar = 0x7f11011b
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:string/abc_shareactionprovider_share_with_application = 0x7f100019
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/reactiveGuide_valueId = 0x7f040395
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/textAppearanceBodyLarge = 0x7f04042d
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Base.V22.Theme.AppCompat.Light = 0x7f1100ae
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/textAppearanceBody2 = 0x7f04042c
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/telltales_velocityMode = 0x7f040429
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/material_dynamic_color_light_error = 0x7f06021d
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_outlined_text_field_error_outline_color = 0x7f0d00b9
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_light_surface = 0x7f0601b4
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/cornerFamily = 0x7f04014c
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/targetId = 0x7f040426
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_comp_navigation_drawer_icon_size = 0x7f070143
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/errorIconTintMode = 0x7f0401b3
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/paddingLeftSystemWindowInsets = 0x7f040361
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/tabUnboundedRipple = 0x7f040425
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/accessibility_custom_action_10 = 0x7f090012
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/textInputLayoutFocusedRectEnabled = 0x7f04045c
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:styleable/StateSet = 0x7f120084
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/cardBackgroundColor = 0x7f04009a
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/floatingActionButtonSmallPrimaryStyle = 0x7f0401e0
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/material_dynamic_tertiary95 = 0x7f060260
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/tabSelectedTextColor = 0x7f040421
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/textAppearanceSearchResultSubtitle = 0x7f040448
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/tabSelectedTextAppearance = 0x7f040420
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/tickColor = 0x7f040479
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/tabSecondaryStyle = 0x7f04041f
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/tabRippleColor = 0x7f04041e
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:styleable/CardView = 0x7f12001a
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.Material3.PopupMenu.Overflow = 0x7f1103ba
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/tabIndicatorColor = 0x7f040411
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/navigation_bar_item_small_label_view = 0x7f090145
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/tabIconTint = 0x7f04040c
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/paddingTopNoTitle = 0x7f040365
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/tabGravity = 0x7f04040b
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_secondary99 = 0x7f0600e9
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/material_dynamic_color_light_on_error_container = 0x7f060220
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_sys_color_dark_primary_container = 0x7f06016d
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:string/mtrl_checkbox_button_path_group_name = 0x7f100072
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/drawableEndCompat = 0x7f040189
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/switchMinWidth = 0x7f040405
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/elevationOverlayEnabled = 0x7f04019f
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_comp_primary_navigation_tab_active_hover_state_layer_opacity = 0x7f07015d
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/switchTextAppearance = 0x7f040408
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/material_personalized_color_error = 0x7f06027d
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/suggestionRowLayout = 0x7f040404
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.ActionBar.PrimarySurface = 0x7f1103df
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:drawable/$mtrl_switch_thumb_unchecked_checked__0 = 0x7f080026
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:string/abc_menu_alt_shortcut_label = 0x7f100008
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/subtitleTextStyle = 0x7f040400
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/subtitleTextColor = 0x7f0403ff
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/subtitle = 0x7f0403fc
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Small.Inverse = 0x7f1101aa
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_time_picker_period_selector_selected_focus_state_layer_color = 0x7f0d0157
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/subheaderInsetStart = 0x7f0403f9
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:string/bottomsheet_drag_handle_clicked = 0x7f100022
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_btn_elevated_btn_elevation = 0x7f0700cf
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/tabIndicatorHeight = 0x7f040414
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/counterTextColor = 0x7f04015c
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/cursorErrorColor = 0x7f040160
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/subheaderInsetEnd = 0x7f0403f8
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/badgeText = 0x7f040058
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/abc_secondary_text_material_light = 0x7f060012
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_ref_palette_error50 = 0x7f0600fd
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/subheaderColor = 0x7f0403f7
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Base.Theme.Material3.Light.SideSheetDialog = 0x7f110064
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/mtrl_tooltip_padding = 0x7f070303
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/useLogo = 0x7f0901fd
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/layout_dodgeInsetEdges = 0x7f0402a1
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Base.Widget.Material3.CardView = 0x7f110100
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Base.Theme.AppCompat.Light.Dialog.MinWidth = 0x7f110057
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/minTouchTargetSize = 0x7f040312
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/subMenuArrow = 0x7f0403f6
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_ref_palette_neutral4 = 0x7f06010d
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/statusBarBackground = 0x7f0403f1
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/mtrl_badge_text_size = 0x7f070249
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/state_lifted = 0x7f0403ef
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:anim/linear_indeterminate_line2_head_interpolator = 0x7f01001f
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/abc_text_size_small_material = 0x7f07004c
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/mtrl_btn_text_btn_ripple_color = 0x7f0602ba
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.TextInputLayout.FilledBox.Dense.ExposedDropdownMenu = 0x7f110446
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/toolbarNavigationButtonStyle = 0x7f040496
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:styleable/ExtendedFloatingActionButton_Behavior_Layout = 0x7f120032
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/titlePositionInterpolator = 0x7f04048f
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/counterEnabled = 0x7f040157
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/state_liftable = 0x7f0403ee
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/titleTextAppearance = 0x7f040490
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.Button.Colored = 0x7f1101bb
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/design_default_color_on_surface = 0x7f060047
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Base.TextAppearance.MaterialComponents.Button = 0x7f110045
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/extendMotionSpec = 0x7f0401c2
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:drawable/btn_radio_on_mtrl = 0x7f080080
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/altSrc = 0x7f040030
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_outlined_autocomplete_text_field_caret_color = 0x7f0d00a4
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/state_error = 0x7f0403ec
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_ref_palette_neutral_variant50 = 0x7f060122
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_time_picker_container_shape = 0x7f0d0150
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:integer/material_motion_duration_short_1 = 0x7f0a002a
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/motion_postLayoutCollision = 0x7f040345
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/color = 0x7f0400f2
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.Material3.MaterialCalendar.MonthNavigationButton = 0x7f1103a2
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.ActionBar.Subtitle = 0x7f1101b1
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_ref_palette_neutral_variant90 = 0x7f060126
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/state_collapsible = 0x7f0403ea
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/state_collapsed = 0x7f0403e9
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:drawable/abc_ratingbar_small_material = 0x7f08005d
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/design_dark_default_color_surface = 0x7f060040
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_assist_chip_icon_tint_color = 0x7f060063
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_navigation_rail_active_hover_state_layer_color = 0x7f0d0097
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/startIconTintMode = 0x7f0403e7
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/material_clock_display_height = 0x7f07021c
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/startIconTint = 0x7f0403e6
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/startIconScaleType = 0x7f0403e5
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:styleable/FlowLayout = 0x7f120035
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Large = 0x7f11019e
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:drawable/design_password_eye = 0x7f080085
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/startIconMinSize = 0x7f0403e4
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_filled_icon_button_toggle_selected_icon_color = 0x7f0d004a
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/startIconDrawable = 0x7f0403e3
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/mtrl_calendar_header_content_padding_fullscreen = 0x7f070279
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Theme.AppCompat.DayNight.DialogWhenLarge = 0x7f110212
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/springStiffness = 0x7f0403dc
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/startIconContentDescription = 0x7f0403e2
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_btn_icon_btn_padding_right = 0x7f0700d2
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/RtlUnderlay.Widget.AppCompat.ActionButton.Overflow = 0x7f110154
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/contentPaddingLeft = 0x7f040143
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/material_dynamic_primary60 = 0x7f060242
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:string/mtrl_picker_date_header_selected = 0x7f100082
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/hideNavigationIcon = 0x7f040219
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_sys_motion_easing_standard_control_x1 = 0x7f07020c
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:styleable/RadialViewGroup = 0x7f120072
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/srcCompat = 0x7f0403de
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.AppCompat.SearchView = 0x7f110321
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/mtrl_choice_chip_background_color = 0x7f0602c6
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_search_bar_leading_icon_color = 0x7f0d00ec
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/view_offset_helper = 0x7f0901ff
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/springMass = 0x7f0403db
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/springDamping = 0x7f0403da
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/statusBarScrim = 0x7f0403f3
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/behavior_expandedOffset = 0x7f04006a
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/flow_horizontalAlign = 0x7f0401ec
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_light_tertiary = 0x7f0601bd
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_ref_palette_neutral_variant0 = 0x7f06011c
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/spinnerStyle = 0x7f0403d7
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/motionDurationMedium1 = 0x7f040323
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/abc_text_size_headline_material = 0x7f070047
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/staticLayout = 0x7f0901b9
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/spinBars = 0x7f0403d5
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/colorSecondaryFixedDim = 0x7f04011e
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/singleSelection = 0x7f0403ce
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/TextAppearance.MaterialComponents.Body1 = 0x7f1101f8
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:string/path_password_eye_mask_visible = 0x7f1000ad
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/mtrl_navigation_item_icon_size = 0x7f0702c2
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:layout/abc_list_menu_item_icon = 0x7f0c000f
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/simpleItems = 0x7f0403cb
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/actionViewClass = 0x7f040025
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/simpleItemLayout = 0x7f0403c8
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.BottomAppBar = 0x7f1103eb
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Base.Widget.Material3.Light.ActionBar.Solid = 0x7f11010b
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/windowFixedWidthMajor = 0x7f0404d1
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/sideSheetDialogTheme = 0x7f0403c6
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/tabPaddingBottom = 0x7f04041a
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.Spinner.Underlined = 0x7f1100f7
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:string/call_notification_hang_up_action = 0x7f100029
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_text_button_background_color_selector = 0x7f0601ff
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/chipCornerRadius = 0x7f0400bf
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/shrinkMotionSpec = 0x7f0403c5
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/inward = 0x7f0900e8
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/showDividers = 0x7f0403c0
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/showAnimationBehavior = 0x7f0403bd
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.ActionBar.Solid = 0x7f1103e0
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/abc_button_inset_vertical_material = 0x7f070013
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_navigation_drawer_headline_color = 0x7f0d0087
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/trackCornerRadius = 0x7f0404a5
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/shapeCornerFamily = 0x7f0403ba
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/textAppearanceHeadlineMedium = 0x7f04043c
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:drawable/mtrl_ic_checkbox_checked = 0x7f0800c1
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/material_dynamic_neutral30 = 0x7f060225
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.Light = 0x7f11025f
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/behavior_fitToContents = 0x7f04006b
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:styleable/AppCompatSeekBar = 0x7f12000f
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:styleable/ActionBarLayout = 0x7f120001
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/compat_button_padding_vertical_material = 0x7f070059
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/shapeAppearanceOverlay = 0x7f0403b8
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.PopupMenu.Small = 0x7f1101c0
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/shapeAppearanceMediumComponent = 0x7f0403b7
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:string/mtrl_checkbox_button_icon_path_checked = 0x7f10006d
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/cornerSizeBottomRight = 0x7f040154
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/springStopThreshold = 0x7f0403dd
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.Material3.Button.TextButton.Snackbar = 0x7f11035b
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/shapeAppearanceLargeComponent = 0x7f0403b6
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/noState = 0x7f09014b
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/hoveredFocusedTranslationZ = 0x7f040224
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:bool/mtrl_btn_textappearance_all_caps = 0x7f050002
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.CompoundButton.RadioButton = 0x7f11040c
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/shapeAppearanceCornerMedium = 0x7f0403b4
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/mtrl_calendar_header_toggle_margin_top = 0x7f070280
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/material_clock_hand_padding = 0x7f070222
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/contentInsetRight = 0x7f04013d
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/shapeAppearanceCornerExtraLarge = 0x7f0403b1
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.RatingBar = 0x7f1100ef
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/contentPadding = 0x7f040140
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/layout_constraintBaseline_toBaselineOf = 0x7f040276
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/fabAnimationMode = 0x7f0401cd
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/TOP_START = 0x7f09000d
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/primary_dark_material_dark = 0x7f0602ef
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_timepicker_time_input_stroke_color = 0x7f060210
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/actionBarTabStyle = 0x7f040009
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.AppCompat.Spinner.DropDown.ActionBar = 0x7f110327
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/selectorSize = 0x7f0403ae
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/selectionRequired = 0x7f0403ad
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.MaterialCalendar.Fullscreen = 0x7f1102d8
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/mtrl_switch_thumb_size = 0x7f0702f2
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_comp_filled_card_hover_state_layer_opacity = 0x7f070128
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/selectableItemBackgroundBorderless = 0x7f0403ac
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/view_transition = 0x7f090200
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/sideSheetModalStyle = 0x7f0403c7
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/selectableItemBackground = 0x7f0403ab
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:drawable/abc_ic_search_api_material = 0x7f080049
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/seekBarStyle = 0x7f0403aa
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/barrierDirection = 0x7f040065
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/searchPrefixText = 0x7f0403a8
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_btn_translation_z_hovered = 0x7f0700e3
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/searchViewStyle = 0x7f0403a9
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.Dialog.MinWidth.Bridge = 0x7f11025d
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/scrimVisibleHeightTrigger = 0x7f0403a5
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:interpolator/mtrl_fast_out_slow_in = 0x7f0b000f
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/material_dynamic_secondary0 = 0x7f060248
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/actionBarDivider = 0x7f040002
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/saturation = 0x7f0403a1
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Theme.Design = 0x7f110221
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/round = 0x7f04039f
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/colorOnPrimarySurface = 0x7f040105
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/suffixTextColor = 0x7f040403
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/design_tab_scrollable_min_width = 0x7f07008a
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/TextAppearance.M3.Sys.Typescale.BodySmall = 0x7f1101d5
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/rotationCenterId = 0x7f04039e
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral_variant20 = 0x7f0600bd
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/reverseLayout = 0x7f04039c
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/layout_constraintWidth_default = 0x7f04029d
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/behavior_significantVelocityThreshold = 0x7f040071
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/windowActionBarOverlay = 0x7f0404cd
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/removeEmbeddedFabElevation = 0x7f04039b
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/boxCornerRadiusBottomStart = 0x7f040082
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:drawable/ic_arrow_back_black_24 = 0x7f080087
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.LinearProgressIndicator = 0x7f110412
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/itemStrokeColor = 0x7f040258
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/trackDecorationTint = 0x7f0404a7
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/pathMotionArc = 0x7f04036f
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/region_widthMoreThan = 0x7f04039a
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:drawable/$m3_avd_hide_password__2 = 0x7f080009
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.MaterialAlertDialog.Centered = 0x7f1102a8
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/material_personalized_color_on_error = 0x7f060280
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/tabPaddingStart = 0x7f04041c
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.Material3.Badge.AdjustToBounds = 0x7f110342
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/reactiveGuide_applyToConstraintSet = 0x7f040394
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/design_error = 0x7f06004e
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/showAsAction = 0x7f0403be
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:drawable/btn_radio_on_to_off_mtrl_animation = 0x7f080081
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_sys_motion_easing_legacy_accelerate_control_y1 = 0x7f0701fa
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/ratingBarStyle = 0x7f04038f
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.Toolbar.PrimarySurface = 0x7f110459
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_dark_background = 0x7f06017b
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.ListPopupWindow = 0x7f1100e6
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/radioButtonStyle = 0x7f04038d
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/cornerFamilyBottomRight = 0x7f04014e
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/queryPatterns = 0x7f04038c
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.Button = 0x7f1101b9
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_sys_color_dark_tertiary = 0x7f060179
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/queryHint = 0x7f04038b
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Base.TextAppearance.Widget.AppCompat.ExpandedMenu.Item = 0x7f110048
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:drawable/ic_m3_chip_close = 0x7f080095
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.Material3.MaterialTimePicker.Button = 0x7f1103ab
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/RtlOverlay.DialogWindowTitle.AppCompat = 0x7f110144
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/transitionDisable = 0x7f0404ae
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/queryBackground = 0x7f04038a
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/textAppearanceDisplayMedium = 0x7f040433
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Base.V21.Theme.AppCompat.Light = 0x7f1100a3
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/cornerSize = 0x7f040152
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_date_picker_modal_date_unselected_label_text_color = 0x7f0d0015
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/triggerId = 0x7f0404b3
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Base.Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.Dialog.Bridge = 0x7f110074
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:integer/design_tab_indicator_anim_duration_ms = 0x7f0a0007
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/quantizeMotionSteps = 0x7f040389
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/preserveIconSpacing = 0x7f040383
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.DayNight.Dialog.MinWidth = 0x7f110251
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/clockFaceBackgroundColor = 0x7f0400db
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/popupWindowStyle = 0x7f04037f
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_sys_motion_easing_emphasized_decelerate_control_y1 = 0x7f0701f6
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:styleable/ImageFilterView = 0x7f12003d
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/placeholderText = 0x7f040377
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/arrowHeadLength = 0x7f040039
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/floatingActionButtonLargeSecondaryStyle = 0x7f0401da
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_checkbox_button_tint = 0x7f060071
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/telltales_tailScale = 0x7f040428
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/pivotAnchor = 0x7f040376
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.NoActionBar.Bridge = 0x7f11026e
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/touchAnchorId = 0x7f04049e
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/perpendicularPath_percent = 0x7f040375
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/RtlOverlay.Widget.AppCompat.PopupMenuItem.InternalGroup = 0x7f110148
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_switch_unselected_pressed_track_outline_color = 0x7f0d0140
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/actionModeBackground = 0x7f040012
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/percentWidth = 0x7f040372
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/layout_goneMarginBottom = 0x7f0402a5
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/path_percent = 0x7f040370
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/action_mode_bar_stub = 0x7f090041
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/badgeRadius = 0x7f040054
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/motionEasingEmphasizedInterpolator = 0x7f040330
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/bright_foreground_disabled_material_dark = 0x7f060022
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/passwordToggleTintMode = 0x7f04036e
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:string/lbl_modelo = 0x7f100040
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/material_personalized_color_text_hint_foreground_inverse = 0x7f0602a2
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/passwordToggleTint = 0x7f04036d
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.Dialog.MinWidth.Bridge = 0x7f11026b
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/primary_text_disabled_material_dark = 0x7f0602f5
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_navigation_bar_container_color = 0x7f0d006e
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/passwordToggleDrawable = 0x7f04036b
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/outline = 0x7f090163
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/activeIndicatorLabelPadding = 0x7f040026
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.Dark = 0x7f110291
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/prefixTextColor = 0x7f040382
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Base.V7.Widget.AppCompat.AutoCompleteTextView = 0x7f1100bf
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:string/appbar_scrolling_view_behavior = 0x7f10001d
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/floatingActionButtonSecondaryStyle = 0x7f0401df
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/panelMenuListWidth = 0x7f040369
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.ActionBar.Title.Inverse = 0x7f1101b4
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/paddingTopSystemWindowInsets = 0x7f040366
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/shapeAppearanceSmallComponent = 0x7f0403b9
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/paddingStart = 0x7f040363
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/notification_content_margin_start = 0x7f070308
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/material_dynamic_primary40 = 0x7f060240
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_sys_color_light_surface_container_highest = 0x7f0601e6
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/showDelay = 0x7f0403bf
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/CardView.Dark = 0x7f110120
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/paddingRightSystemWindowInsets = 0x7f040362
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/wavePeriod = 0x7f0404c8
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/design_fab_stroke_end_outer_color = 0x7f060053
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:drawable/abc_btn_default_mtrl_shape = 0x7f080031
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/dividerHorizontal = 0x7f04017e
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/helperTextTextAppearance = 0x7f040215
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/paddingBottomSystemWindowInsets = 0x7f04035f
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_navigation_menu_headline_horizontal_padding = 0x7f0701c2
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/onPositiveCross = 0x7f040358
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/onHide = 0x7f040356
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/popupMenuBackground = 0x7f04037c
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/material_dynamic_secondary60 = 0x7f06024f
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/onCross = 0x7f040355
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:integer/m3_sys_motion_duration_medium3 = 0x7f0a0019
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral95 = 0x7f0600b4
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/textAppearanceCaption = 0x7f040431
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/mtrl_textinput_disabled_color = 0x7f0602e9
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_date_picker_modal_weekdays_label_text_type = 0x7f0d001f
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:drawable/abc_scrubber_control_off_mtrl_alpha = 0x7f08005e
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/bright_foreground_disabled_material_light = 0x7f060023
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_btn_disabled_translation_z = 0x7f0700ce
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/nestedScrollable = 0x7f040351
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.MaterialDivider = 0x7f11042c
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/nestedScrollViewStyle = 0x7f040350
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:string/abc_searchview_description_submit = 0x7f100016
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/flow_lastVerticalBias = 0x7f0401f2
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:drawable/abc_action_bar_item_background_material = 0x7f08002a
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/enforceTextAppearance = 0x7f0401ab
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_date_picker_modal_date_today_label_text_color = 0x7f0d0014
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/nestedScrollFlags = 0x7f04034f
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/navigationRailStyle = 0x7f04034d
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/navigationMode = 0x7f04034c
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/navigationIcon = 0x7f04034a
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:drawable/mtrl_checkbox_button_unchecked_checked = 0x7f0800ba
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/TextAppearance.Material3.DisplayLarge = 0x7f1101e7
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/verticalOffset = 0x7f0404bc
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/transition_current_scene = 0x7f0901e8
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/textLocale = 0x7f040461
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:drawable/abc_cab_background_top_mtrl_alpha = 0x7f08003a
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/textAppearanceLargePopupMenu = 0x7f040441
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:drawable/ic_call_decline_low = 0x7f08008d
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/moveWhenScrollAtTop = 0x7f040347
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/motion_triggerOnCollision = 0x7f040346
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.MaterialCalendar.HeaderToggleButton = 0x7f110424
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/motionProgress = 0x7f040342
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Body1 = 0x7f110017
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_navigation_drawer_active_pressed_icon_color = 0x7f0d0084
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/motionEffect_viewTransition = 0x7f04033e
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/scrimBackground = 0x7f0403a4
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_comp_outlined_text_field_disabled_input_text_opacity = 0x7f070157
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/motionEffect_translationX = 0x7f04033c
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/titleDividerNoCustom = 0x7f0901e0
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/forceDefaultNavigationOnClickListener = 0x7f040208
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/motionEffect_strict = 0x7f04033b
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:anim/m3_side_sheet_enter_from_left = 0x7f010025
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral_variant17 = 0x7f0600bc
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:drawable/mtrl_switch_track = 0x7f0800d2
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/textAppearanceLabelMedium = 0x7f04043f
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/motionEffect_end = 0x7f040338
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/postLayout = 0x7f090173
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/androidx_core_ripple_material_light = 0x7f06001b
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/layout_constrainedHeight = 0x7f040273
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/layout_constraintStart_toEndOf = 0x7f040293
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/motionEasingStandardInterpolator = 0x7f040336
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/colorSecondary = 0x7f04011b
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/progressBarStyle = 0x7f040386
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/TextAppearance.MaterialComponents.Subtitle2 = 0x7f110205
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_navigation_menu_divider_horizontal_padding = 0x7f0701c1
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/motionEasingStandardAccelerateInterpolator = 0x7f040334
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_light_on_secondary = 0x7f0601a8
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/motionEasingLinearInterpolator = 0x7f040332
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:drawable/$avd_hide_password__0 = 0x7f080000
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/circularflow_defaultRadius = 0x7f0400d6
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_time_picker_period_selector_selected_label_text_color = 0x7f0d0159
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_navigation_rail_item_with_indicator_icon_tint = 0x7f060098
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Base.Theme.MaterialComponents.CompactMenu = 0x7f110067
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/barrierAllowsGoneWidgets = 0x7f040064
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/motionEasingEmphasizedDecelerateInterpolator = 0x7f04032f
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/motionEasingEmphasizedAccelerateInterpolator = 0x7f04032e
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/motionEasingDecelerated = 0x7f04032c
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:layout/mtrl_calendar_days_of_week = 0x7f0c004f
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/rangeFillColor = 0x7f04038e
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_primary_text_disable_only = 0x7f06009c
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/tabStyle = 0x7f040422
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/badgeWithTextHeight = 0x7f04005e
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/background_material_light = 0x7f060020
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/motionDurationShort3 = 0x7f040329
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/actionModeSelectAllDrawable = 0x7f04001b
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/motionDurationShort2 = 0x7f040328
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/motionDurationShort1 = 0x7f040327
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/checkedIconTint = 0x7f0400ba
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:drawable/abc_popup_background_mtrl_mult = 0x7f08005a
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/passwordToggleEnabled = 0x7f04036c
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:drawable/$m3_avd_show_password__2 = 0x7f08000c
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/design_dark_default_color_error = 0x7f060035
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_comp_secondary_navigation_tab_hover_state_layer_opacity = 0x7f070176
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/overlapAnchor = 0x7f04035c
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/TextAppearance.Material3.SearchView = 0x7f1101f2
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/TOP_END = 0x7f09000c
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/glide_custom_view_target_tag = 0x7f0900cf
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/limitBoundsTo = 0x7f0402b6
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/motionDurationExtraLong4 = 0x7f04031e
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/abc_edit_text_inset_horizontal_material = 0x7f07002d
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/motionDurationExtraLong2 = 0x7f04031c
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/material_dynamic_primary70 = 0x7f060243
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_fab_secondary_icon_color = 0x7f0d003d
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/motionDurationExtraLong1 = 0x7f04031b
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral_variant0 = 0x7f0600b8
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:string/hide_bottom_view_on_scroll_behavior = 0x7f100036
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_outlined_text_field_supporting_text_color = 0x7f0d00c7
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/motionDebug = 0x7f04031a
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:drawable/m3_bottom_sheet_drag_handle = 0x7f08009d
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/mock_label = 0x7f040315
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/motionEasingAccelerated = 0x7f04032b
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:string/mtrl_switch_thumb_group_name = 0x7f1000a0
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/animateToStart = 0x7f09004d
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/toolbarId = 0x7f040495
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/methodName = 0x7f04030e
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/drawableBottomCompat = 0x7f040188
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/maxLines = 0x7f040306
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_comp_snackbar_container_elevation = 0x7f070183
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/overlay = 0x7f04035d
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/maxHeight = 0x7f040304
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/maxCharacterCount = 0x7f040303
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:styleable/MaterialToolbar = 0x7f12005d
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_radio_button_selected_hover_icon_color = 0x7f0d00db
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/layout_anchorGravity = 0x7f04026f
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.AppBarLayout.Surface = 0x7f1103e5
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.DialogWhenLarge = 0x7f11025e
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/ShapeAppearance.M3.Comp.Sheet.Side.Docked.Container.Shape = 0x7f110162
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/maxButtonHeight = 0x7f040302
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:interpolator/btn_checkbox_unchecked_mtrl_animation_interpolator_0 = 0x7f0b0002
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/background_floating_material_dark = 0x7f06001d
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_comp_navigation_drawer_container_width = 0x7f070140
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/ShapeAppearanceOverlay.MaterialComponents.Chip = 0x7f11018c
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/contentDescription = 0x7f040139
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_bottom_sheet_modal_elevation = 0x7f0700c4
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.AutoCompleteTextView = 0x7f1100cc
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/maxActionInlineWidth = 0x7f040301
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_ref_palette_secondary30 = 0x7f06013a
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/maxAcceleration = 0x7f040300
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/material_personalized_color_surface_container_highest = 0x7f06029a
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/design_bottom_navigation_item_min_width = 0x7f070066
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/materialThemeOverlay = 0x7f0402fc
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/mtrl_switch_track_tint = 0x7f0602e1
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:drawable/abc_list_selector_disabled_holo_light = 0x7f080056
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/layoutManager = 0x7f04026d
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/borderlessButtonStyle = 0x7f040077
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/layout_behavior = 0x7f040270
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/layout_constraintEnd_toEndOf = 0x7f040280
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_dark_on_primary = 0x7f060184
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.Material3.CircularProgressIndicator = 0x7f11036e
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:string/app_name = 0x7f10001c
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/motionStagger = 0x7f040343
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:interpolator/m3_sys_motion_easing_standard_accelerate = 0x7f0b000c
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/textAppearanceLabelLarge = 0x7f04043e
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_light_surface_dim = 0x7f0601bb
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/center_horizontal = 0x7f090070
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/materialSearchViewStyle = 0x7f0402f8
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.AppCompat.Spinner.DropDown = 0x7f110326
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_simple_item_color_selected_alpha = 0x7f0701e3
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/materialSearchBarStyle = 0x7f0402f6
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/isMaterial3DynamicColorApplied = 0x7f04023f
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/materialIconButtonOutlinedStyle = 0x7f0402f4
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:drawable/mtrl_dialog_background = 0x7f0800bb
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/mock_labelBackgroundColor = 0x7f040316
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_text_button_label_text_color = 0x7f0d0145
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/fontStyle = 0x7f040204
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/materialIconButtonFilledStyle = 0x7f0402f2
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:drawable/abc_ic_go_search_api_material = 0x7f080042
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.Material3.CollapsingToolbar.Large = 0x7f110373
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Platform.V25.AppCompat.Light = 0x7f110142
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Base.V28.Theme.AppCompat.Light = 0x7f1100b9
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_primary_navigation_tab_container_color = 0x7f0d00ce
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/springBoundary = 0x7f0403d9
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/TextAppearance.Material3.TitleMedium = 0x7f1101f5
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/materialDisplayDividerStyle = 0x7f0402ef
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:drawable/abc_ic_menu_selectall_mtrl_alpha = 0x7f080047
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.ListView.Menu = 0x7f1100e9
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/materialCircleRadius = 0x7f0402ed
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral_variant96 = 0x7f0600cd
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_card_elevation = 0x7f0700ea
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/materialCardViewStyle = 0x7f0402ec
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_radio_button_selected_icon_color = 0x7f0d00dd
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/materialCardViewFilledStyle = 0x7f0402ea
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/textAppearanceDisplayLarge = 0x7f040432
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:layout/mtrl_layout_snackbar_include = 0x7f0c0058
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_ref_palette_neutral_variant30 = 0x7f060120
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.PopupMenu.ContextMenu = 0x7f110434
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/confirm_button = 0x7f090080
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/materialCardViewElevatedStyle = 0x7f0402e9
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_carousel_small_item_default_corner_size = 0x7f0700f0
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/spanCount = 0x7f0403d4
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:styleable/SideSheetBehavior_Layout = 0x7f12007c
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/background_material_dark = 0x7f06001f
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/alertDialogTheme = 0x7f04002c
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/materialCalendarStyle = 0x7f0402e6
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_radiobutton_button_tint = 0x7f06009d
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/materialCalendarHeaderTitle = 0x7f0402e2
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/colorOnError = 0x7f0400ff
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/materialCalendarHeaderSelection = 0x7f0402e1
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_switch_selected_icon_color = 0x7f0d012a
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/fabAnchorMode = 0x7f0401cc
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/materialCalendarHeaderLayout = 0x7f0402e0
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_ref_palette_secondary90 = 0x7f060140
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/region_heightLessThan = 0x7f040397
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/deriveConstraintsFrom = 0x7f040177
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:drawable/$mtrl_switch_thumb_unchecked_checked__1 = 0x7f080027
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/mtrl_navigation_rail_active_text_size = 0x7f0702c5
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/searchHintIcon = 0x7f0403a6
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/material_blue_grey_900 = 0x7f060213
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/materialButtonOutlinedStyle = 0x7f0402d7
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/collapsedTitleTextAppearance = 0x7f0400eb
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/fill_horizontal = 0x7f0900be
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/logo = 0x7f0402c9
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/height = 0x7f040212
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/materialAlertDialogTitlePanelStyle = 0x7f0402d5
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/floatingActionButtonTertiaryStyle = 0x7f0401e7
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Base.V7.Widget.AppCompat.EditText = 0x7f1100c0
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/text_input_error_icon = 0x7f0901d6
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/actionModeTheme = 0x7f04001f
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/design_default_color_background = 0x7f060041
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/materialAlertDialogTitleIconStyle = 0x7f0402d4
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:drawable/mtrl_navigation_bar_item_background = 0x7f0800c5
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:styleable/ClockFaceView = 0x7f120020
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/fabAlignmentMode = 0x7f0401ca
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/colorControlHighlight = 0x7f0400f8
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/textPanY = 0x7f040465
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/hint_pressed_alpha_material_dark = 0x7f070098
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/materialAlertDialogTheme = 0x7f0402d3
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/layout = 0x7f04026a
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/tabIndicatorAnimationDuration = 0x7f04040f
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/marginTopSystemWindowInsets = 0x7f0402d0
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/date_picker_actions = 0x7f09008f
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/material_input_text_to_prefix_suffix_padding = 0x7f07023a
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/marginLeftSystemWindowInsets = 0x7f0402ce
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_sys_motion_easing_linear_control_x1 = 0x7f070204
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Base.V21.ThemeOverlay.Material3.SideSheetDialog = 0x7f1100ab
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/mtrl_picker_header_selection_text = 0x7f090137
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/actionBarItemBackground = 0x7f040003
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/iconStartPadding = 0x7f04022a
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_bottomappbar_fab_end_margin = 0x7f0700c8
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/ShapeAppearance.M3.Comp.Badge.Large.Shape = 0x7f110155
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/singleChoiceItemLayout = 0x7f0403cc
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/progressBarPadding = 0x7f040385
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/material_timepicker_clockface = 0x7f0602b4
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/abc_panel_menu_list_width = 0x7f070034
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/flow_horizontalBias = 0x7f0401ed
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/button_material_light = 0x7f060029
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_back_progress_side_container_max_scale_y_distance = 0x7f0700b2
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/txtAnioCarro = 0x7f0901f2
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/drawableTint = 0x7f04018e
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/backgroundStacked = 0x7f04004f
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.CompoundButton.RadioButton = 0x7f1100d6
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/listPopupWindowStyle = 0x7f0402c1
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/always = 0x7f09004b
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:animator/mtrl_fab_transformation_sheet_collapse_spec = 0x7f020020
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.Material3.MaterialCalendar.Year.Selected = 0x7f1103a5
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_filled_autocomplete_text_field_input_text_type = 0x7f0d0043
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_sys_color_light_on_surface = 0x7f0601d8
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/listLayout = 0x7f0402bf
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/listChoiceIndicatorMultipleAnimated = 0x7f0402bb
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/liftOnScrollColor = 0x7f0402b4
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/MaterialAlertDialog.MaterialComponents.Title.Panel = 0x7f110132
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_sys_motion_easing_legacy_control_y1 = 0x7f0701fe
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_back_progress_side_container_max_scale_x_distance_grow = 0x7f0700b0
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Base.ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.Light.Dialog.Alert.Framework = 0x7f110087
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/tabBackground = 0x7f040409
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/expandedTitleMarginEnd = 0x7f0401bd
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/layout_marginBaseline = 0x7f0402ad
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/layout_goneMarginTop = 0x7f0402aa
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/mtrl_calendar_dialog_background_inset = 0x7f070277
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/coplanarSiblingViewId = 0x7f04014b
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_switch_selected_hover_handle_color = 0x7f0d0126
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/divider = 0x7f04017c
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/design_navigation_view = 0x7f09009a
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/layout_goneMarginStart = 0x7f0402a9
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/ShapeAppearance.M3.Comp.Switch.StateLayer.Shape = 0x7f110164
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_navigation_bar_ripple_color_selector = 0x7f060093
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/circularflow_radiusInDP = 0x7f0400d7
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/colorOutlineVariant = 0x7f040112
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/square = 0x7f0901b0
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_ref_palette_neutral17 = 0x7f060108
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/percentY = 0x7f040374
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/cardUseCompatPadding = 0x7f0400a0
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/transitionToStart = 0x7f0901e7
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/fastScrollHorizontalThumbDrawable = 0x7f0401d4
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.AppCompat.Light.ActivityChooserView = 0x7f11030b
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_fab_tertiary_icon_color = 0x7f0d0041
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/abc_text_size_button_material = 0x7f070041
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/lyActions = 0x7f0900fa
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/colorSurfaceContainerLow = 0x7f040125
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/chipSpacingVertical = 0x7f0400cb
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/dividerInsetStart = 0x7f040180
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/layout_goneMarginBaseline = 0x7f0402a4
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/textOutlineColor = 0x7f040462
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/disableHome = 0x7f09009e
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/layout_constraintBaseline_toTopOf = 0x7f040278
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/layout_editor_absoluteX = 0x7f0402a2
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/badgeShapeAppearance = 0x7f040055
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/layout_constraintWidth_min = 0x7f04029f
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/notification_action_icon_size = 0x7f070305
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_filled_tonal_icon_button_toggle_selected_icon_color = 0x7f0d0056
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/lineHeight = 0x7f0402b7
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/design_snackbar_padding_vertical = 0x7f070086
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:animator/mtrl_fab_hide_motion_spec = 0x7f02001e
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/layout_constraintTop_creator = 0x7f040296
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/flow_lastVerticalStyle = 0x7f0401f3
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/checkedIconEnabled = 0x7f0400b6
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialAlertDialog.Material3.Title.Icon = 0x7f1102bb
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/bottomInsetScrimEnabled = 0x7f040079
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/hintAnimationEnabled = 0x7f04021c
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/layout_constraintTag = 0x7f040295
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_fab_corner_size = 0x7f0701b0
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/RtlUnderlay.Widget.AppCompat.ActionButton = 0x7f110153
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_dark_hint_foreground = 0x7f06007a
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/layout_constraintLeft_toRightOf = 0x7f04028f
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Base.V7.Widget.AppCompat.Toolbar = 0x7f1100c1
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/tickMark = 0x7f04047c
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/abc_action_button_min_width_material = 0x7f07000e
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral50 = 0x7f0600ab
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:layout/mtrl_picker_text_input_date = 0x7f0c0062
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:anim/linear_indeterminate_line1_head_interpolator = 0x7f01001d
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/bounce = 0x7f09005e
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/titleTextColor = 0x7f040491
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_slider_active_track_color = 0x7f060153
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/slide = 0x7f0901a3
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/layout_constraintHorizontal_bias = 0x7f04028a
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:styleable/MaterialButtonToggleGroup = 0x7f120050
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:anim/m3_bottom_sheet_slide_out = 0x7f010022
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/simpleItemSelectedRippleColor = 0x7f0403ca
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/navigationIconTint = 0x7f04034b
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/checkedTextViewStyle = 0x7f0400bd
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/layout_constraintHeight_default = 0x7f040286
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/badgeWidth = 0x7f04005d
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/editTextStyle = 0x7f04019b
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Medium = 0x7f1101a4
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/arrowShaftLength = 0x7f04003a
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/mtrl_navigation_elevation = 0x7f0702bf
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/mtrl_fab_translation_z_pressed = 0x7f0702b3
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/counterTextAppearance = 0x7f04015b
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/materialTimePickerTitleStyle = 0x7f0402ff
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/layout_constraintDimensionRatio = 0x7f04027f
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.TextInputLayout.OutlinedBox = 0x7f110448
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/hintTextAppearance = 0x7f04021e
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/itemIconTint = 0x7f040249
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/radio = 0x7f090177
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_sys_motion_easing_legacy_decelerate_control_x1 = 0x7f070200
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_fab_surface_icon_color = 0x7f0d003f
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/transition_layout_save = 0x7f0901e9
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/drawableTopCompat = 0x7f040190
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/material_textinput_default_width = 0x7f07023b
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/layout_constraintCircleRadius = 0x7f04027e
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/layout_constraintHorizontal_weight = 0x7f04028c
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_switch_unselected_hover_state_layer_color = 0x7f0d0138
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/layout_constraintBottom_toTopOf = 0x7f04027b
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/mtrl_navigation_bar_item_default_margin = 0x7f0702be
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/clickAction = 0x7f0400da
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/mtrl_calendar_month_vertical_padding = 0x7f070284
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/collapseContentDescription = 0x7f0400e7
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/tabIndicator = 0x7f04040e
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/abc_text_size_body_2_material = 0x7f070040
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/mtrl_tooltip_minHeight = 0x7f070301
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/layout_constraintBottom_toBottomOf = 0x7f04027a
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/motionTarget = 0x7f040344
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:styleable/LinearLayoutCompat_Layout = 0x7f120049
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_time_picker_time_selector_selected_hover_state_layer_color = 0x7f0d0163
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_input_chip_container_shape = 0x7f0d005c
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/layout_constraintBottom_creator = 0x7f040279
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_primary40 = 0x7f0600d5
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/listChoiceBackgroundIndicator = 0x7f0402ba
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/tooltip_margin = 0x7f070316
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.TextView.SpinnerItem = 0x7f1100f9
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/mtrl_progress_track_thickness = 0x7f0702db
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/subtitleCentered = 0x7f0403fd
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/RtlOverlay.Widget.AppCompat.Search.DropDown.Query = 0x7f110150
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/layout_collapseMode = 0x7f040271
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_comp_fab_primary_pressed_container_elevation = 0x7f07011e
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/material_dynamic_neutral100 = 0x7f060223
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/layout_anchor = 0x7f04026e
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_time_picker_clock_dial_selector_handle_container_color = 0x7f0d014e
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/lastItemDecorated = 0x7f040269
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/lastBaselineToBottomHeight = 0x7f040268
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:drawable/btn_checkbox_checked_to_unchecked_mtrl_animation = 0x7f08007b
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/labelStyle = 0x7f040265
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/material_clock_period_toggle_horizontal_gap = 0x7f070226
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_tertiary30 = 0x7f0600ee
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:bool/abc_action_bar_embed_tabs = 0x7f050000
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:animator/mtrl_card_state_list_anim = 0x7f020017
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Base.Theme.Material3.Dark = 0x7f110059
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/labelBehavior = 0x7f040264
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/lStar = 0x7f040263
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/keylines = 0x7f040262
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.ActionBar.Title = 0x7f1101b3
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/mtrl_transition_shared_axis_slide_distance = 0x7f070304
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:drawable/notify_panel_notification_icon_bg = 0x7f0800e2
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_secondary40 = 0x7f0600e2
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_ref_palette_neutral96 = 0x7f060119
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/ifTagSet = 0x7f04022f
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/keyboardIcon = 0x7f040261
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/material_cursor_inset = 0x7f07022a
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:drawable/mtrl_switch_thumb_checked = 0x7f0800c9
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral_variant4 = 0x7f0600c1
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Inverse = 0x7f11019d
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_date_picker_modal_date_selected_container_color = 0x7f0d0011
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/foreground_material_dark = 0x7f06005e
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/colorSurfaceContainer = 0x7f040122
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_sys_motion_easing_standard_control_y2 = 0x7f07020f
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/keyPositionType = 0x7f040260
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:drawable/ic_call_answer_video_low = 0x7f08008b
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/errorTextAppearance = 0x7f0401b5
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.TextView.SpinnerItem = 0x7f110042
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/itemSpacing = 0x7f040257
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/boxStrokeColor = 0x7f040085
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.Material3.CompoundButton.Switch = 0x7f110378
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/checkedIconGravity = 0x7f0400b7
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:drawable/ic_call_answer_low = 0x7f080089
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/behavior_saveFlags = 0x7f040070
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/itemShapeAppearance = 0x7f040250
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/itemRippleColor = 0x7f04024f
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/material_timepicker_clock_text_color = 0x7f0602b3
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:string/bottom_sheet_behavior = 0x7f10001e
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/colorTertiaryFixed = 0x7f04012d
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/mtrl_navigation_item_shape_horizontal_margin = 0x7f0702c3
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/itemMinHeight = 0x7f04024b
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/itemIconSize = 0x7f040248
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/itemActiveIndicatorStyle = 0x7f040242
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.DayNight.BottomSheetDialog = 0x7f1102ca
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/MaterialAlertDialog.MaterialComponents.Title.Panel.CenterStacked = 0x7f110133
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_ref_palette_neutral80 = 0x7f060113
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/actionLayout = 0x7f04000f
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/constraintSetEnd = 0x7f040133
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:integer/m3_sys_motion_duration_extra_long1 = 0x7f0a000f
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/layout_constraintBaseline_toBottomOf = 0x7f040277
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/buttonBarNegativeButtonStyle = 0x7f04008b
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/clock_face_margin_start = 0x7f070055
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/textAppearanceLabelSmall = 0x7f040440
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:layout/custom_dialog = 0x7f0c001f
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/fontVariationSettings = 0x7f040205
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:anim/btn_radio_to_off_mtrl_ring_outer_animation = 0x7f010013
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/colorOnSecondaryFixedVariant = 0x7f040109
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:string/clear_text_end_icon_content_description = 0x7f100030
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/isLightTheme = 0x7f04023e
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.Material3.Button.IconButton.Outlined = 0x7f110353
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:drawable/mtrl_ic_arrow_drop_up = 0x7f0800be
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/insetForeground = 0x7f04023d
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/accessibility_custom_action_14 = 0x7f090016
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_navigation_drawer_headline_type = 0x7f0d0088
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/abc_switch_padding = 0x7f07003e
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/indicatorSize = 0x7f04023b
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/tickRadiusInactive = 0x7f040480
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/ShapeAppearanceOverlay.Material3.SearchBar = 0x7f110188
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/materialCalendarDay = 0x7f0402da
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Animation.Material3.SideSheetDialog.Left = 0x7f110008
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/navigation_header_container = 0x7f090146
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/layout_constraintWidth = 0x7f04029c
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/tvModeloRecycler = 0x7f0901f1
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/indicatorDirectionCircular = 0x7f040238
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/actionBarStyle = 0x7f040007
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/ShapeAppearance.M3.Comp.Badge.Shape = 0x7f110156
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_primary95 = 0x7f0600db
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/itemShapeInsetEnd = 0x7f040254
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:drawable/mtrl_bottomsheet_drag_handle = 0x7f0800b0
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_primary_navigation_tab_with_label_text_label_text_type = 0x7f0d00d6
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_ref_palette_secondary20 = 0x7f060139
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/layout_insetEdge = 0x7f0402ab
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/cornerSizeTopLeft = 0x7f040155
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/imageZoom = 0x7f040234
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:array/spnTipoDocente = 0x7f030000
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/textinput_helper_text = 0x7f0901da
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/imageRotate = 0x7f040233
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.Material3.Light.ActionBar.Solid = 0x7f11038e
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/motionEasingStandard = 0x7f040333
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/imagePanY = 0x7f040232
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/imageButtonStyle = 0x7f040230
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/design_snackbar_padding_horizontal = 0x7f070085
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/fontWeight = 0x7f040206
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/mtrl_btn_pressed_z = 0x7f070263
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/itemFillColor = 0x7f040244
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Base.Widget.Material3.TabLayout.Secondary = 0x7f110110
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_ref_palette_neutral30 = 0x7f06010c
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/beginning = 0x7f09005a
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/fabCradleRoundedCornerRadius = 0x7f0401cf
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/ifTagNotSet = 0x7f04022e
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_comp_switch_disabled_unselected_handle_opacity = 0x7f07018c
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/iconTintMode = 0x7f04022c
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/design_snackbar_action_inline_max_width = 0x7f07007e
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/iconTint = 0x7f04022b
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_dynamic_primary_text_disable_only = 0x7f060087
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/iconGravity = 0x7f040227
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/horizontalOffsetWithText = 0x7f040223
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/horizontalOffset = 0x7f040222
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:styleable/ScrimInsetsFrameLayout = 0x7f120076
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.Material3.Chip.Assist = 0x7f110363
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/colorOnTertiary = 0x7f04010d
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/circularProgressIndicatorStyle = 0x7f0400d3
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:styleable/SnackbarLayout = 0x7f12007f
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.Material3.FloatingActionButton.Small.Surface = 0x7f11038a
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/layout_constraintWidth_percent = 0x7f0402a0
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/TextAppearance.Widget.AppCompat.Toolbar.Title = 0x7f11020a
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_sys_color_dark_on_error_container = 0x7f060161
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:drawable/m3_avd_show_password = 0x7f08009c
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/hideOnContentScroll = 0x7f04021a
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/TextAppearance.Widget.AppCompat.Toolbar.Subtitle = 0x7f110209
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:animator/m3_extended_fab_change_size_expand_motion_spec = 0x7f020011
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Display1 = 0x7f110198
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/motionDurationExtraLong3 = 0x7f04031d
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/controlBackground = 0x7f040149
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/chipSpacingHorizontal = 0x7f0400ca
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_switch_unselected_focus_state_layer_color = 0x7f0d0132
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_dynamic_highlighted_text = 0x7f060085
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.AutoCompleteTextView.OutlinedBox.Dense = 0x7f1102c4
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/snap = 0x7f0901a6
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/hideAnimationBehavior = 0x7f040217
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/circularflow_viewCenter = 0x7f0400d8
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_comp_fab_primary_focus_state_layer_opacity = 0x7f070118
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/helperTextTextColor = 0x7f040216
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/mtrl_calendar_title_baseline_to_top_fullscreen = 0x7f07028f
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/listDividerAlertDialog = 0x7f0402bd
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/clockHandColor = 0x7f0400dc
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/helperTextEnabled = 0x7f040214
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_outlined_card_hover_outline_color = 0x7f0d00b0
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:integer/m3_sys_motion_duration_extra_long3 = 0x7f0a0011
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/goIcon = 0x7f04020d
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/layout_constraintCircle = 0x7f04027c
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_calendar_item_disabled_text = 0x7f06006b
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/highlight_alpha_material_dark = 0x7f070094
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/animateToEnd = 0x7f09004c
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/panelMenuListTheme = 0x7f040368
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/framePosition = 0x7f04020a
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:layout/abc_activity_chooser_view = 0x7f0c0006
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/ratingBarStyleIndicator = 0x7f040390
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.PopupMenu.Large = 0x7f1101bf
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/fontProviderAuthority = 0x7f0401fd
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/foregroundInsidePadding = 0x7f040209
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Theme.AppCompat.DayNight = 0x7f11020d
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_sys_motion_easing_standard_accelerate_control_y1 = 0x7f07020a
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/west = 0x7f090207
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_extended_fab_min_height = 0x7f0701ac
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/textBackgroundPanY = 0x7f040452
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:animator/mtrl_btn_state_list_anim = 0x7f020015
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/design_bottom_navigation_shadow_height = 0x7f070069
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/material_dynamic_neutral_variant20 = 0x7f060231
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/material_dynamic_neutral0 = 0x7f060221
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/colorOutline = 0x7f040111
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/shapeAppearanceCornerLarge = 0x7f0403b3
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/toolbarSurfaceStyle = 0x7f040498
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/material_clock_period_toggle_height = 0x7f070225
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/fontProviderFetchStrategy = 0x7f0401ff
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/polarRelativeTo = 0x7f04037b
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_sys_color_dark_inverse_primary = 0x7f06015d
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/autoSizePresetSizes = 0x7f040042
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_top_app_bar_medium_headline_color = 0x7f0d016e
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_sys_color_dark_on_primary = 0x7f060162
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/match_parent = 0x7f090108
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/listItemLayout = 0x7f0402be
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:drawable/abc_cab_background_top_material = 0x7f080039
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_navigation_rail_elevation = 0x7f0701c4
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_comp_top_app_bar_small_container_elevation = 0x7f0701a4
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.Material3.ExtendedFloatingActionButton.Primary = 0x7f11037e
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/animationMode = 0x7f040035
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/scrollView = 0x7f09018b
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/fontProviderCerts = 0x7f0401fe
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/itemTextAppearanceActiveBoldEnabled = 0x7f04025c
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/mtrl_on_primary_text_btn_text_color_selector = 0x7f0602d8
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/layout_constraintStart_toStartOf = 0x7f040294
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/TextAppearance.M3.Sys.Typescale.BodyLarge = 0x7f1101d3
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/setsTag = 0x7f0403af
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/layout_scrollEffect = 0x7f0402af
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.AppCompat.RatingBar = 0x7f11031e
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Platform.MaterialComponents.Light.Dialog = 0x7f11013b
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/chipIconTint = 0x7f0400c5
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/expandedTitleTextColor = 0x7f0401c1
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Theme.AppCompat.NoActionBar = 0x7f110220
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:string/mtrl_checkbox_state_description_unchecked = 0x7f100077
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:drawable/abc_list_selector_disabled_holo_dark = 0x7f080055
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/flow_verticalGap = 0x7f0401f8
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_comp_navigation_drawer_pressed_state_layer_opacity = 0x7f070145
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_efab_ripple_color_selector = 0x7f060088
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_navigation_item_shape_inset_end = 0x7f0701bd
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_sys_elevation_level4 = 0x7f0701ee
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_ref_palette_neutral_variant100 = 0x7f06011e
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/flow_verticalAlign = 0x7f0401f6
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/checkedChip = 0x7f0400b4
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_button_foreground_color_selector = 0x7f060067
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/black = 0x7f060021
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/mtrl_picker_header_toggle = 0x7f090139
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/motionPath = 0x7f040340
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:string/m3_sys_motion_easing_linear = 0x7f100052
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/motionInterpolator = 0x7f04033f
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/flow_lastHorizontalBias = 0x7f0401f0
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.TextInputEditText = 0x7f1102b5
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:animator/fragment_close_enter = 0x7f020003
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Base.Theme.Material3.Light.Dialog.FixedSize = 0x7f110062
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_comp_radio_button_selected_hover_state_layer_opacity = 0x7f070167
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/flow_firstHorizontalBias = 0x7f0401e8
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_sheet_side_docked_modal_container_shape = 0x7f0d010a
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/bottomSheetDragHandleStyle = 0x7f04007c
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/ShapeAppearance.M3.Comp.SearchBar.Container.Shape = 0x7f110160
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/constraint_referenced_ids = 0x7f040135
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/textureWidth = 0x7f04046a
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.AppCompat.ButtonBar.AlertDialog = 0x7f1102f6
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/tabIndicatorAnimationMode = 0x7f040410
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/cursorColor = 0x7f04015f
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/floatingActionButtonStyle = 0x7f0401e5
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:layout/material_clock_period_toggle_land = 0x7f0c003c
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/autoCompleteMode = 0x7f04003d
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/textAppearanceSmallPopupMenu = 0x7f04044a
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/defaultState = 0x7f040174
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/layout_constraintBaseline_creator = 0x7f040275
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_dark_surface_container_lowest = 0x7f060198
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/floatingActionButtonLargeTertiaryStyle = 0x7f0401dd
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Theme.AppCompat.DayNight.Dialog = 0x7f11020f
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/abc_action_bar_overflow_padding_start_material = 0x7f070008
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/blendSrc = 0x7f040073
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/material_clock_number_text_size = 0x7f070224
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:anim/btn_checkbox_to_checked_box_inner_merged_animation = 0x7f01000c
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/itemPaddingBottom = 0x7f04024d
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/tabPaddingEnd = 0x7f04041b
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/deltaPolarRadius = 0x7f040176
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/floatingActionButtonLargeSurfaceStyle = 0x7f0401dc
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/scrollIndicatorUp = 0x7f09018a
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/actionMenuTextColor = 0x7f040011
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_navigation_bar_active_pressed_icon_color = 0x7f0d006b
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/floatingActionButtonLargeStyle = 0x7f0401db
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/fastScrollVerticalTrackDrawable = 0x7f0401d7
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral87 = 0x7f0600b0
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/fastScrollVerticalThumbDrawable = 0x7f0401d6
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/textBackgroundPanX = 0x7f040451
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/view_tree_saved_state_registry_owner = 0x7f090203
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/flow_firstVerticalStyle = 0x7f0401eb
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:string/mtrl_picker_toggle_to_calendar_input_mode = 0x7f10009c
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/material_personalized_color_surface_container_high = 0x7f060299
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/material_clock_face = 0x7f09010b
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/material_on_surface_stroke = 0x7f060276
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/material_dynamic_neutral_variant80 = 0x7f060237
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/circularflow_defaultAngle = 0x7f0400d5
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:drawable/mtrl_ic_checkbox_unchecked = 0x7f0800c2
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/drawableLeftCompat = 0x7f04018a
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/fastScrollHorizontalTrackDrawable = 0x7f0401d5
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:anim/m3_side_sheet_enter_from_right = 0x7f010026
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/colorOnPrimary = 0x7f040101
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/listPreferredItemHeightLarge = 0x7f0402c3
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/layout_constraintEnd_toStartOf = 0x7f040281
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Base.Theme.AppCompat.Light = 0x7f110052
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/extendedFloatingActionButtonTertiaryStyle = 0x7f0401c8
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/mtrl_calendar_day_width = 0x7f070275
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_time_picker_time_selector_unselected_label_text_color = 0x7f0d016b
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/extendedFloatingActionButtonSurfaceStyle = 0x7f0401c7
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/extendedFloatingActionButtonStyle = 0x7f0401c6
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/materialTimePickerTheme = 0x7f0402fe
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:string/mtrl_picker_navigate_to_current_year_description = 0x7f10008b
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/navigationContentDescription = 0x7f040349
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/defaultMarginsEnabled = 0x7f040171
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/abc_action_bar_content_inset_material = 0x7f070000
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Theme.Design.Light = 0x7f110223
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:animator/m3_extended_fab_change_size_collapse_motion_spec = 0x7f020010
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/statusBarForeground = 0x7f0403f2
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/listPreferredItemPaddingRight = 0x7f0402c7
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:layout/abc_screen_toolbar = 0x7f0c0017
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/marginRightSystemWindowInsets = 0x7f0402cf
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:drawable/m3_tabs_transparent_background = 0x7f0800a5
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:anim/btn_checkbox_to_unchecked_icon_null_animation = 0x7f010011
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/material_dynamic_neutral_variant95 = 0x7f060239
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/layout_scrollInterpolator = 0x7f0402b1
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/extraMultilineHeightEnabled = 0x7f0401c9
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/fabSize = 0x7f0401d2
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/tooltipFrameBackground = 0x7f04049a
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_btn_text_btn_padding_left = 0x7f0700e0
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:integer/m3_sys_motion_duration_short2 = 0x7f0a001c
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/switch_thumb_material_dark = 0x7f060302
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/extendedFloatingActionButtonSecondaryStyle = 0x7f0401c5
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/layout_goneMarginEnd = 0x7f0402a6
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/abc_color_highlight_material = 0x7f060004
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/autoCompleteTextViewStyle = 0x7f04003e
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/ShapeAppearance.Material3.Corner.Full = 0x7f110170
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/prefixTextAppearance = 0x7f040381
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/actionModeCloseButtonStyle = 0x7f040013
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.Material3.TextInputLayout.FilledBox.Dense = 0x7f1103d3
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/colorOnSecondary = 0x7f040106
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/expandedTitleMarginTop = 0x7f0401bf
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/flow_wrapMode = 0x7f0401fa
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/badgeWidePadding = 0x7f04005c
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/flow_firstVerticalBias = 0x7f0401ea
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/windowActionModeOverlay = 0x7f0404ce
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_searchview_elevation = 0x7f0701dc
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/expandedTitleMargin = 0x7f0401bb
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/TextAppearance.Design.HelperText = 0x7f1101cc
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/boxBackgroundColor = 0x7f04007e
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/MaterialAlertDialog.Material3.Body.Text.CenterStacked = 0x7f110125
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_sys_state_pressed_state_layer_opacity = 0x7f070217
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.TextInputLayout.FilledBox.ExposedDropdownMenu = 0x7f110447
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/expandedTitleGravity = 0x7f0401ba
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_sys_color_light_outline = 0x7f0601dc
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:string/mtrl_picker_navigate_to_year_description = 0x7f10008c
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/backgroundTintMode = 0x7f040051
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/scrollable = 0x7f09018c
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/material_personalized_color_surface_container_low = 0x7f06029b
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/bestChoice = 0x7f09005b
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/bottomNavigationStyle = 0x7f04007a
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/errorIconTint = 0x7f0401b2
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/abc_primary_text_material_light = 0x7f06000c
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:integer/m3_sys_shape_corner_full_corner_family = 0x7f0a0022
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/errorIconDrawable = 0x7f0401b1
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/errorAccessibilityLabel = 0x7f0401ad
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_extended_fab_top_padding = 0x7f0701ae
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_comp_navigation_bar_active_indicator_height = 0x7f070138
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:string/mtrl_picker_end_date_description = 0x7f100086
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/carousel_previousState = 0x7f0400a9
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/autoSizeStepGranularity = 0x7f040043
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:styleable/MaterialTextAppearance = 0x7f12005a
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/endIconTintMode = 0x7f0401a9
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/endIconTint = 0x7f0401a8
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_comp_fab_primary_icon_size = 0x7f07011b
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/design_bottom_navigation_icon_size = 0x7f070064
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/chipBackgroundColor = 0x7f0400be
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/mtrl_calendar_item_stroke_color = 0x7f0602be
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.BottomAppBar.Surface = 0x7f1102c6
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_card_hovered_z = 0x7f0700eb
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Theme.Material3.Dark.BottomSheetDialog = 0x7f110228
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/contentPaddingStart = 0x7f040145
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Base.AlertDialog.AppCompat.Light = 0x7f11000c
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/fontFamily = 0x7f0401fc
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/mtrl_snackbar_margin = 0x7f0702ec
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/abc_dialog_min_width_minor = 0x7f070023
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/layout_constraintHeight = 0x7f040285
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_ref_palette_error99 = 0x7f060103
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/layout_editor_absoluteY = 0x7f0402a3
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Base.Widget.Material3.CompoundButton.RadioButton = 0x7f110104
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Base.V14.ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.Dialog.Alert = 0x7f11009e
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/pressedTranslationZ = 0x7f040384
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/cornerFamilyBottomLeft = 0x7f04014d
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:animator/fragment_open_exit = 0x7f020008
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/iconPadding = 0x7f040228
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_dark_on_tertiary_container = 0x7f06018b
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_sys_color_dark_surface_container = 0x7f060172
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/elevationOverlayAccentColor = 0x7f04019d
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/material_time_picker_minimum_screen_height = 0x7f07023e
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/searchIcon = 0x7f0403a7
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/accessibility_custom_action_22 = 0x7f09001f
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/haloRadius = 0x7f040210
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/textAppearanceHeadlineLarge = 0x7f04043b
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/brightness = 0x7f040089
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/duration = 0x7f040197
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:styleable/include = 0x7f120098
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/buttonTintMode = 0x7f040099
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_comp_search_bar_hover_state_layer_opacity = 0x7f07016f
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/upDuration = 0x7f0404b7
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:drawable/abc_text_select_handle_middle_mtrl = 0x7f080070
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/flow_horizontalStyle = 0x7f0401ef
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/RtlOverlay.Widget.AppCompat.PopupMenuItem.Text = 0x7f11014b
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/carousel_touchUpMode = 0x7f0400aa
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/expandedTitleTextAppearance = 0x7f0401c0
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/sliderStyle = 0x7f0403d0
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_filled_tonal_button_label_text_color = 0x7f0d0054
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_sys_motion_easing_standard_control_x2 = 0x7f07020d
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/drawerLayoutCornerSize = 0x7f040192
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.MaterialCalendar.DayTextView = 0x7f11041a
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/fabCradleVerticalOffset = 0x7f0401d0
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/tabTextAppearance = 0x7f040423
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_timepicker_secondary_text_button_text_color = 0x7f06020f
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/drawableTintMode = 0x7f04018f
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/mtrl_badge_horizontal_edge_offset = 0x7f070245
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/notification_top_pad = 0x7f070312
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/colorOnSecondaryFixed = 0x7f040108
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.Material3.Button.ElevatedButton.Icon = 0x7f11034e
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:string/path_password_strike_through = 0x7f1000ae
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/autoTransition = 0x7f040045
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/actionBarTabBarStyle = 0x7f040008
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_comp_search_bar_pressed_state_layer_opacity = 0x7f070170
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/linearProgressIndicatorStyle = 0x7f0402b9
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/abc_alert_dialog_button_bar_height = 0x7f070010
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_card_ripple_color = 0x7f06006e
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/tabMinWidth = 0x7f040417
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/drawableRightCompat = 0x7f04018b
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_date_picker_modal_range_selection_month_subhead_color = 0x7f0d001c
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/dragDirection = 0x7f040184
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/strokeWidth = 0x7f0403f5
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.PopupMenu.ListPopupWindow = 0x7f110435
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/windowFixedHeightMinor = 0x7f0404d0
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.Slider = 0x7f110439
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/colorControlNormal = 0x7f0400f9
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/colorSwitchThumbNormal = 0x7f04012a
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/autoSizeTextType = 0x7f040044
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/TextAppearance.Compat.Notification.Title = 0x7f1101c7
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/contentInsetLeft = 0x7f04013c
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/dividerInsetEnd = 0x7f04017f
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_navigation_item_shape_inset_start = 0x7f0701be
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Theme.Material3.DayNight = 0x7f11022f
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/design_fab_stroke_top_inner_color = 0x7f060054
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Base.Widget.Material3.FloatingActionButton = 0x7f110108
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/editTextColor = 0x7f04019a
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.Button = 0x7f1103f3
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:anim/m3_side_sheet_exit_to_left = 0x7f010027
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/addElevationShadow = 0x7f040028
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/errorContentDescription = 0x7f0401af
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_navigation_item_icon_tint = 0x7f060095
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/transitionShapeAppearance = 0x7f0404b2
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/navigation_bar_item_icon_container = 0x7f090141
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/dialogTheme = 0x7f04017a
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_tabs_icon_color_secondary = 0x7f0601fa
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/layout_constraintGuide_begin = 0x7f040282
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:styleable/ForegroundLinearLayout = 0x7f120038
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/state_indeterminate = 0x7f0403ed
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:animator/m3_appbar_state_list_animator = 0x7f020009
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/percentX = 0x7f040373
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Base.V24.Theme.Material3.Dark.Dialog = 0x7f1100b2
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/material_clock_display = 0x7f090109
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/dialogCornerRadius = 0x7f040178
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/abc_text_size_body_1_material = 0x7f07003f
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/trackHeight = 0x7f0404a9
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/dayStyle = 0x7f04016e
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/TextAppearance.Compat.Notification.Time = 0x7f1101c6
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_light_inverse_on_surface = 0x7f0601a0
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/counterOverflowTextColor = 0x7f04015a
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/customReference = 0x7f04016a
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/customPixelDimension = 0x7f040169
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/fullscreen_header = 0x7f0900cc
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral30 = 0x7f0600a8
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.Dialog.MinWidth = 0x7f11025c
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/defaultQueryHint = 0x7f040172
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/state_with_icon = 0x7f0403f0
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/customIntegerValue = 0x7f040167
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Base.V14.Theme.Material3.Dark.BottomSheetDialog = 0x7f11008a
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:drawable/material_ic_keyboard_arrow_right_black_24dp = 0x7f0800ad
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/TextAppearance.Design.Prefix = 0x7f1101cf
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_comp_primary_navigation_tab_active_indicator_height = 0x7f07015e
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/shapeAppearance = 0x7f0403b0
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:styleable/ActivityChooserView = 0x7f120005
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/abc_star_medium = 0x7f07003c
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/minHeight = 0x7f04030f
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/textAppearanceOverline = 0x7f040446
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/itemShapeInsetStart = 0x7f040255
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/ShapeAppearanceOverlay.MaterialComponents.MaterialCalendar.Window.Fullscreen = 0x7f110190
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/mtrl_low_ripple_focused_alpha = 0x7f0702b9
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral90 = 0x7f0600b1
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/cardMaxElevation = 0x7f04009e
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/crossfade = 0x7f04015d
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.DayNight.DialogWhenLarge = 0x7f110253
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_dark_default_color_secondary_text = 0x7f060078
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/colorPrimary = 0x7f040113
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Body1 = 0x7f110194
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/elevation = 0x7f04019c
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_dialog_headline_type = 0x7f0d0026
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/textureEffect = 0x7f040468
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/cornerRadius = 0x7f040151
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/constraintRotate = 0x7f040131
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:integer/show_password_duration = 0x7f0a0042
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/mtrl_progress_circular_size_small = 0x7f0702d6
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/material_personalized_color_surface = 0x7f060296
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/itemPadding = 0x7f04024c
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:drawable/material_ic_keyboard_arrow_previous_black_24dp = 0x7f0800ac
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Base.V22.Theme.AppCompat = 0x7f1100ad
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:layout/material_timepicker_textinput_display = 0x7f0c0045
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_btn_padding_left = 0x7f0700da
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/buttonStyle = 0x7f040096
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/material_dynamic_tertiary90 = 0x7f06025f
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/listPreferredItemPaddingEnd = 0x7f0402c5
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/percentHeight = 0x7f040371
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:drawable/$mtrl_checkbox_button_unchecked_checked__0 = 0x7f08001e
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.Material3.Search.Toolbar.Button.Navigation = 0x7f1103bc
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/materialAlertDialogBodyTextStyle = 0x7f0402d1
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/errorAccessibilityLiveRegion = 0x7f0401ae
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/material_dynamic_neutral40 = 0x7f060226
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/mtrl_textinput_outline_box_expanded_padding = 0x7f0702fc
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/useCompatPadding = 0x7f0404b8
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/dividerPadding = 0x7f040181
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/indeterminateProgressStyle = 0x7f040236
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:drawable/m3_radiobutton_ripple = 0x7f0800a0
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/materialCalendarHeaderToggleButton = 0x7f0402e3
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/material_minute_tv = 0x7f090115
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/action_divider = 0x7f09003c
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/material_personalized_color_secondary = 0x7f060292
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.AppCompat.PopupMenu = 0x7f110319
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral_variant50 = 0x7f0600c3
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_comp_navigation_bar_focus_state_layer_opacity = 0x7f07013c
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_sys_color_dark_surface_tint = 0x7f0d0176
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_navigation_bar_inactive_focus_label_text_color = 0x7f0d0070
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/colorAccent = 0x7f0400f3
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/material_dynamic_primary50 = 0x7f060241
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:styleable/TextInputLayout = 0x7f12008c
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/snackbarButtonStyle = 0x7f0403d1
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/notification_large_icon_width = 0x7f07030a
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/mtrl_progress_circular_inset_small = 0x7f0702d1
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/reactiveGuide_applyToAllConstraintSets = 0x7f040393
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/mtrl_extended_fab_translation_z_pressed = 0x7f0702af
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/mtrl_switch_thumb_tint = 0x7f0602df
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.MaterialAlertDialog.Picker.Date.Header.Text.Day = 0x7f1102d5
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/month_navigation_previous = 0x7f090125
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/errorEnabled = 0x7f0401b0
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/ShapeAppearance.M3.Comp.NavigationRail.Container.Shape = 0x7f11015e
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/dividerColor = 0x7f04017d
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/mtrl_chip_background_color = 0x7f0602c2
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/closeIconEnabled = 0x7f0400e0
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/alertDialogCenterButtons = 0x7f04002a
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/topInsetScrimEnabled = 0x7f04049d
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/abc_btn_colored_text_material = 0x7f060003
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/contrast = 0x7f040148
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/contentPaddingEnd = 0x7f040142
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_primary_navigation_tab_with_icon_inactive_icon_color = 0x7f0d00d3
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/contentInsetStart = 0x7f04013e
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/popupMenuStyle = 0x7f04037d
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/contentInsetEndWithActions = 0x7f04013b
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/expanded = 0x7f0401b8
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:styleable/AppBarLayout = 0x7f12000a
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/TextAppearance.Material3.LabelLarge = 0x7f1101ed
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/motionEffect_move = 0x7f040339
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/contentInsetEnd = 0x7f04013a
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/flow_lastHorizontalStyle = 0x7f0401f1
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.MaterialCalendar.HeaderLayout.Fullscreen = 0x7f110420
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_light_inverse_surface = 0x7f0601a2
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/actionModeCloseDrawable = 0x7f040015
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/cardForegroundColor = 0x7f04009d
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_elevated_card_container_color = 0x7f0d002b
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/content = 0x7f040138
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/baseline = 0x7f090058
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/carousel_nextState = 0x7f0400a8
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:styleable/KeyFramesVelocity = 0x7f120043
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/constraintSetStart = 0x7f040134
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:styleable/ShapeableImageView = 0x7f12007b
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/animateMenuItems = 0x7f040032
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.Button.TextButton = 0x7f11028c
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/colorTertiaryFixedDim = 0x7f04012e
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:anim/abc_shrink_fade_out_from_bottom = 0x7f010005
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/colorTertiary = 0x7f04012b
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/itemShapeFillColor = 0x7f040252
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.Compat.NotificationActionText = 0x7f11032e
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/curveFit = 0x7f040161
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/material_personalized_color_on_surface = 0x7f060286
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_switch_unselected_pressed_handle_color = 0x7f0d013c
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:anim/btn_radio_to_on_mtrl_ring_outer_path_animation = 0x7f010017
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_checkbox_selected_error_icon_color = 0x7f0d000a
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:animator/mtrl_btn_unelevated_state_list_anim = 0x7f020016
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/colorSurfaceInverse = 0x7f040128
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.Design.BottomNavigationView = 0x7f110330
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/tabMaxWidth = 0x7f040416
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/haloColor = 0x7f04020f
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/colorSurfaceDim = 0x7f040127
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Base.V14.Theme.Material3.Dark = 0x7f110089
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_navigation_drawer_inactive_focus_label_text_color = 0x7f0d008a
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/barrierMargin = 0x7f040066
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_primary100 = 0x7f0600d2
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/clockIcon = 0x7f0400dd
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/windowMinWidthMajor = 0x7f0404d3
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:anim/mtrl_bottom_sheet_slide_in = 0x7f010029
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:plurals/mtrl_badge_content_description = 0x7f0f0000
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/SharedValueId = 0x7f040001
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral24 = 0x7f0600a7
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/textAppearanceHeadline4 = 0x7f040438
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_chip_dragged_translation_z = 0x7f0700f6
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/abc_list_item_height_small_material = 0x7f070032
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:animator/fragment_fade_exit = 0x7f020006
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Inverse = 0x7f110020
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/colorSurfaceContainerHigh = 0x7f040123
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/mtrl_chip_pressed_translation_z = 0x7f07029b
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/colorSurfaceBright = 0x7f040121
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/colorSurface = 0x7f040120
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.MaterialCalendar.Day.Selected = 0x7f110417
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_chip_icon_size = 0x7f0700f9
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:string/material_motion_easing_linear = 0x7f100060
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_circular_progress_indicator_active_indicator_color = 0x7f0d000d
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/buttonBarPositiveButtonStyle = 0x7f04008d
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/decelerateAndComplete = 0x7f090091
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/colorPrimaryVariant = 0x7f04011a
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_sys_motion_easing_standard_decelerate_control_y2 = 0x7f070213
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:layout/abc_action_bar_up_container = 0x7f0c0001
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/tag_window_insets_animation_callback = 0x7f0901cd
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/animateNavigationIcon = 0x7f040033
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/colorSecondaryFixed = 0x7f04011d
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/chipStrokeWidth = 0x7f0400cf
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_divider_color = 0x7f0d0029
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:drawable/notification_icon_background = 0x7f0800dd
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/mtrl_shape_corner_size_medium_component = 0x7f0702dd
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.Search = 0x7f1102b1
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/item_touch_helper_swipe_escape_max_velocity = 0x7f07009b
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_dynamic_default_color_secondary_text = 0x7f060084
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:styleable/SwitchCompat = 0x7f120085
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/layout_constraintVertical_chainStyle = 0x7f04029a
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/switch_thumb_normal_material_light = 0x7f060305
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_top_app_bar_small_trailing_icon_color = 0x7f0d0175
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/simpleItemSelectedColor = 0x7f0403c9
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/colorOnSurface = 0x7f04010a
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/applyMotionScene = 0x7f040037
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/mtrl_low_ripple_pressed_alpha = 0x7f0702bb
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/actionBarTabTextStyle = 0x7f04000a
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/motionEasingEmphasized = 0x7f04032d
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/counterMaxLength = 0x7f040158
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Theme.AppCompat.DayNight.Dialog.Alert = 0x7f110210
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_outlined_text_field_error_trailing_icon_color = 0x7f0d00bb
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/cornerSizeBottomLeft = 0x7f040153
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/ShapeAppearance.MaterialComponents.SmallComponent = 0x7f11017e
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:drawable/abc_ic_menu_paste_mtrl_am_alpha = 0x7f080046
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/start = 0x7f0901b5
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/region_heightMoreThan = 0x7f040398
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/startIconCheckable = 0x7f0403e1
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/material_dynamic_neutral_variant70 = 0x7f060236
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_chip_text_color = 0x7f060076
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/colorOnSecondaryContainer = 0x7f040107
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_comp_filled_text_field_disabled_active_indicator_opacity = 0x7f07012b
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_secondary10 = 0x7f0600de
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_sys_motion_easing_linear_control_y2 = 0x7f070207
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/layout_constraintCircleAngle = 0x7f04027d
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.ActionBar.Solid = 0x7f1100c3
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/actionProviderClass = 0x7f040023
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/mtrl_btn_padding_bottom = 0x7f07025f
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:animator/mtrl_chip_state_list_anim = 0x7f020018
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/flow_maxElementsWrap = 0x7f0401f4
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/gapBetweenBars = 0x7f04020b
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/mtrl_navigation_item_icon_padding = 0x7f0702c1
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/layout_constraintVertical_weight = 0x7f04029b
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/motionEasingLinear = 0x7f040331
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_comp_filled_card_pressed_state_layer_opacity = 0x7f07012a
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.AppCompat.Light.ActionBar.Solid = 0x7f1102ff
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/up = 0x7f0901fc
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/shortcutMatchRequired = 0x7f0403bb
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.Material3.Search.ActionButton.Overflow = 0x7f1103bb
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_ref_palette_black = 0x7f06009f
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/mtrl_choice_chip_ripple_color = 0x7f0602c7
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/contentPaddingTop = 0x7f040146
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/mtrl_extended_fab_icon_size = 0x7f0702a6
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/colorErrorContainer = 0x7f0400fb
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:drawable/abc_text_cursor_material = 0x7f08006e
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_primary50 = 0x7f0600d6
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/floatingActionButtonSurfaceStyle = 0x7f0401e6
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:styleable/Toolbar = 0x7f12008e
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/buttonIcon = 0x7f040091
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:string/lbl_marca_carro = 0x7f10003e
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/coordinatorLayoutStyle = 0x7f04014a
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/collapsingToolbarLayoutMediumSize = 0x7f0400ef
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/mtrl_badge_toolbar_action_menu_item_horizontal_offset = 0x7f07024a
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_dark_surface_container_low = 0x7f060197
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/thumbStrokeWidth = 0x7f040475
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/accessibility_custom_action_29 = 0x7f090026
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_plain_tooltip_supporting_text_type = 0x7f0d00c9
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/percent = 0x7f090170
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:drawable/m3_tabs_background = 0x7f0800a2
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:anim/abc_slide_in_bottom = 0x7f010006
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/collapsingToolbarLayoutLargeStyle = 0x7f0400ee
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/yearStyle = 0x7f0404d7
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.Tooltip = 0x7f11045b
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/accessibility_custom_action_19 = 0x7f09001b
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/indicatorInset = 0x7f04023a
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/collapsedTitleTextColor = 0x7f0400ec
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_comp_time_picker_time_selector_pressed_state_layer_opacity = 0x7f0701a1
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:integer/mtrl_view_visible = 0x7f0a0041
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_comp_primary_navigation_tab_inactive_focus_state_layer_opacity = 0x7f070160
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/secondary_text_default_material_light = 0x7f0602fd
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/boxCollapsedPaddingTop = 0x7f040080
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/centerIfNoTextEnabled = 0x7f0400ad
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:anim/design_bottom_sheet_slide_out = 0x7f010019
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_light_on_tertiary_container = 0x7f0601ad
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:integer/design_snackbar_text_max_lines = 0x7f0a0006
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/homeAsUpIndicator = 0x7f040220
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_comp_navigation_rail_focus_state_layer_opacity = 0x7f07014b
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/abc_background_cache_hint_selector_material_dark = 0x7f060000
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/mock_showDiagonals = 0x7f040318
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_switch_selected_handle_color = 0x7f0d0125
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/materialSearchViewToolbarStyle = 0x7f0402fa
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:drawable/abc_btn_radio_to_on_mtrl_000 = 0x7f080034
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/enableEdgeToEdge = 0x7f0401a1
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/AlertDialog.AppCompat = 0x7f110000
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:drawable/mtrl_tabs_default_indicator = 0x7f0800d4
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/textinput_counter = 0x7f0901d8
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_sys_color_dark_surface_container_high = 0x7f060173
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/closeIconTint = 0x7f0400e4
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_tertiary95 = 0x7f0600f5
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/TextAppearance.Material3.TitleSmall = 0x7f1101f6
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_sys_color_dark_on_tertiary_container = 0x7f060169
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:anim/btn_checkbox_to_unchecked_check_path_merged_animation = 0x7f010010
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/materialClockStyle = 0x7f0402ee
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:string/mtrl_checkbox_button_icon_path_indeterminate = 0x7f10006f
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/dynamicColorThemeOverlay = 0x7f040198
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/parentPanel = 0x7f090169
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/clockNumberTextColor = 0x7f0400de
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/hintTextColor = 0x7f04021f
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:drawable/ic_mtrl_chip_checked_black = 0x7f080097
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/open_search_bar_text_view = 0x7f090155
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/material_personalized_color_secondary_container = 0x7f060293
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral_variant12 = 0x7f0600bb
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:styleable/KeyFrame = 0x7f120041
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_sys_state_hover_state_layer_opacity = 0x7f070216
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:styleable/CollapsingToolbarLayout = 0x7f120022
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/open_search_view_root = 0x7f09015d
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/constraint_referenced_tags = 0x7f040136
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral_variant22 = 0x7f0600be
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:string/m3_sys_motion_easing_standard_decelerate = 0x7f100055
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/mtrl_slider_label_radius = 0x7f0702e1
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/collapsingToolbarLayoutStyle = 0x7f0400f1
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/material_on_background_disabled = 0x7f06026d
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/chipSurfaceColor = 0x7f0400d1
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.Material3.CircularProgressIndicator.ExtraSmall = 0x7f11036f
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/chipStyle = 0x7f0400d0
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/carousel_alignment = 0x7f0400a2
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/background_floating_material_light = 0x7f06001e
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/chipStrokeColor = 0x7f0400ce
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/highlight_alpha_material_light = 0x7f070095
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/tabPaddingTop = 0x7f04041d
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:styleable/CheckedTextView = 0x7f12001c
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/design_fab_size_mini = 0x7f070071
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/lineSpacing = 0x7f0402b8
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.Button.TextButton.Snackbar = 0x7f1103fc
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.Button.ElevatedButton = 0x7f110288
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/tickVisible = 0x7f040481
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/numericModifiers = 0x7f040353
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:integer/m3_card_anim_duration_ms = 0x7f0a000d
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/materialCardViewOutlinedStyle = 0x7f0402eb
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.TextInputEditText.OutlinedBox = 0x7f110442
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/customColorDrawableValue = 0x7f040163
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/colorOnTertiaryFixedVariant = 0x7f040110
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/chipSpacing = 0x7f0400c9
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_secondary_navigation_tab_hover_state_layer_color = 0x7f0d00ff
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:drawable/$m3_avd_show_password__1 = 0x7f08000b
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.AppCompat.Button = 0x7f1102ef
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_snackbar_action_text_color_alpha = 0x7f0701e8
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/itemShapeInsetBottom = 0x7f040253
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_dark_on_surface = 0x7f060188
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/buttonPanelSideLayout = 0x7f040095
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Base.Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.Dialog = 0x7f110072
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/chipMinTouchTargetSize = 0x7f0400c8
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_ref_palette_neutral20 = 0x7f060109
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/floatingActionButtonSmallStyle = 0x7f0401e2
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/colorSurfaceContainerHighest = 0x7f040124
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_sys_color_dark_on_surface = 0x7f060166
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/chipMinHeight = 0x7f0400c7
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/mtrl_card_checked_icon_margin = 0x7f070295
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:styleable/NavigationView = 0x7f12006c
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Base.ThemeOverlay.AppCompat.Dialog = 0x7f11007c
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/indicatorColor = 0x7f040237
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/chipEndPadding = 0x7f0400c0
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/chainUseRtl = 0x7f0400ae
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/closeItemLayout = 0x7f0400e6
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/listPreferredItemHeightSmall = 0x7f0402c4
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/colorPrimaryInverse = 0x7f040118
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_navigation_rail_item_active_indicator_height = 0x7f0701c6
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/design_default_color_on_error = 0x7f060044
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.Material3.Button.OutlinedButton = 0x7f110354
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/expandedTitleMarginStart = 0x7f0401be
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/scaleFromTextSize = 0x7f0403a2
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/checkedIconSize = 0x7f0400b9
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral98 = 0x7f0600b6
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/view_tree_view_model_store_owner = 0x7f090204
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/layout_goneMarginLeft = 0x7f0402a7
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_primary_navigation_tab_with_label_text_inactive_label_text_color = 0x7f0d00d5
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/backgroundInsetStart = 0x7f04004b
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Display4 = 0x7f11019b
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/backgroundTint = 0x7f040050
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_sys_color_light_inverse_on_surface = 0x7f0601ce
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:anim/fragment_fast_out_extra_slow_in = 0x7f01001c
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/itemShapeAppearanceOverlay = 0x7f040251
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/colorOnContainerUnchecked = 0x7f0400fe
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/tag_accessibility_pane_title = 0x7f0901c4
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/behavior_overlapTop = 0x7f04006e
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:styleable/AppCompatImageView = 0x7f12000e
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/mtrl_card_view_ripple = 0x7f0602c1
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/layoutDuringTransition = 0x7f04026c
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_badge_size = 0x7f0700b5
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/textAppearanceSubtitle1 = 0x7f04044b
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/textAppearanceListItemSmall = 0x7f040445
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.Material3.FloatingActionButton.Large.Surface = 0x7f110384
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/material_timepicker_modebutton_tint = 0x7f0602b5
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/listChoiceIndicatorSingleAnimated = 0x7f0402bc
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:styleable/MaterialSwitch = 0x7f120059
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:drawable/btn_checkbox_checked_mtrl = 0x7f08007a
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_navigation_rail_active_icon_color = 0x7f0d0098
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/boxCornerRadiusBottomEnd = 0x7f040081
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_primary70 = 0x7f0600d8
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/customBoolean = 0x7f040162
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.BottomSheet.Modal = 0x7f1103f2
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:string/mtrl_exceed_max_badge_number_content_description = 0x7f100079
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:drawable/mtrl_checkbox_button_icon_unchecked_checked = 0x7f0800b8
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/colorSecondaryContainer = 0x7f04011c
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_card_disabled_z = 0x7f0700e4
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/backgroundSplit = 0x7f04004e
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:anim/btn_checkbox_to_checked_icon_null_animation = 0x7f01000e
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/gestureInsetBottomIgnored = 0x7f04020c
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/colorContainer = 0x7f0400f6
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/dim_foreground_material_dark = 0x7f06005a
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/tabPadding = 0x7f040419
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_secondary30 = 0x7f0600e1
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/dragScale = 0x7f040185
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/carousel_touchUp_dampeningFactor = 0x7f0400ab
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/material_personalized_color_text_secondary_and_tertiary_inverse_disabled = 0x7f0602a6
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_sys_color_dark_surface_bright = 0x7f060171
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/material_dynamic_color_dark_on_error = 0x7f06021b
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/design_snackbar_min_width = 0x7f070084
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_dark_on_surface_variant = 0x7f060189
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/floatingActionButtonPrimaryStyle = 0x7f0401de
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_switch_unselected_hover_icon_color = 0x7f0d0137
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_comp_extended_fab_primary_focus_container_elevation = 0x7f07010f
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/buttonTint = 0x7f040098
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_comp_switch_unselected_focus_state_layer_opacity = 0x7f070193
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/abc_text_size_title_material = 0x7f07004f
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/buttonStyleSmall = 0x7f040097
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.Button.ButtonBar.AlertDialog = 0x7f1100d0
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/accessibility_custom_action_9 = 0x7f09002f
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/layout = 0x7f0900ee
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/fastScrollEnabled = 0x7f0401d3
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/mtrl_alert_dialog_background_inset_bottom = 0x7f070240
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/TextAppearance.Design.Counter.Overflow = 0x7f1101ca
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/buttonCompat = 0x7f04008f
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_navigation_item_horizontal_padding = 0x7f0701ba
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/commitIcon = 0x7f04012f
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/normal = 0x7f09014d
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/mtrl_progress_circular_track_thickness_extra_small = 0x7f0702d7
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/textBackgroundZoom = 0x7f040454
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:string/btn_guardar_add_carro = 0x7f100025
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_on_tertiary_fixed = 0x7f0601c3
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/buttonBarStyle = 0x7f04008e
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:layout/activity_lista_carro = 0x7f0c001e
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:drawable/$mtrl_switch_thumb_checked_unchecked__1 = 0x7f080023
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/design_dark_default_color_primary_dark = 0x7f06003c
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_btn_icon_only_default_padding = 0x7f0700d3
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/constraints = 0x7f040137
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/showTitle = 0x7f09019f
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_sys_color_light_surface_variant = 0x7f0601ea
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/boxStrokeWidthFocused = 0x7f040088
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/layout_constraintRight_toRightOf = 0x7f040292
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/boxStrokeErrorColor = 0x7f040086
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/mtrl_extended_fab_disabled_translation_z = 0x7f0702a2
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_extended_fab_bottom_padding = 0x7f0701a9
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/activityChooserViewStyle = 0x7f040027
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/checkMarkTintMode = 0x7f0400b1
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/right = 0x7f09017d
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/dim_foreground_disabled_material_light = 0x7f060059
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Base.Widget.Material3.CollapsingToolbar = 0x7f110102
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/suffixText = 0x7f040401
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:string/password_toggle_content_description = 0x7f1000aa
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/itemTextColor = 0x7f04025e
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/mtrl_btn_text_btn_padding_right = 0x7f070268
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/material_harmonized_color_on_error_container = 0x7f06026c
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/endIconContentDescription = 0x7f0401a3
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Base.ThemeOverlay.AppCompat.Dialog.Alert = 0x7f11007d
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/material_dynamic_secondary30 = 0x7f06024c
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/bottomSheetStyle = 0x7f04007d
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/dayInvalidStyle = 0x7f04016c
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_light_inverse_primary = 0x7f0601a1
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.BottomSheetDialog = 0x7f110260
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/constraintSet = 0x7f040132
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/material_filled_edittext_font_1_3_padding_bottom = 0x7f070231
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/contentInsetStartWithNavigation = 0x7f04013f
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/bottomSheetDialogTheme = 0x7f04007b
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:integer/mtrl_switch_thumb_post_morphing_duration = 0x7f0a0037
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/snapMargins = 0x7f0901a7
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/bottomAppBarStyle = 0x7f040078
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_outlined_card_disabled_outline_color = 0x7f0d00ad
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/abc_action_bar_content_inset_with_nav = 0x7f070001
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/fixed = 0x7f0900c6
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/design_default_color_secondary = 0x7f06004b
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/marquee = 0x7f090105
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:drawable/abc_ic_arrow_drop_right_black_24dp = 0x7f08003f
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_ref_palette_error90 = 0x7f060101
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/motionDurationLong3 = 0x7f040321
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_sys_motion_easing_emphasized_decelerate_control_y2 = 0x7f0701f7
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/itemTextAppearanceInactive = 0x7f04025d
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/callMeasure = 0x7f09006a
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_simple_item_ripple_color = 0x7f060152
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/TextAppearance.M3.Sys.Typescale.BodyMedium = 0x7f1101d4
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/SHOW_PATH = 0x7f090009
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Base.V21.Theme.MaterialComponents = 0x7f1100a5
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_dark_secondary_container = 0x7f060191
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/itemIconPadding = 0x7f040247
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/onShow = 0x7f040359
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/behavior_peekHeight = 0x7f04006f
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/MaterialAlertDialog.MaterialComponents.Picker.Date.Spinner = 0x7f11012f
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/behavior_hideable = 0x7f04006d
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/actionBarTheme = 0x7f04000b
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/embed = 0x7f0900b4
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/actionBarSplitStyle = 0x7f040006
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/behavior_halfExpandedRatio = 0x7f04006c
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/layoutDescription = 0x7f04026b
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:animator/fragment_close_exit = 0x7f020004
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:animator/m3_extended_fab_state_list_animator = 0x7f020014
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/colorOnSurfaceInverse = 0x7f04010b
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/scrimAnimationDuration = 0x7f0403a3
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.Material3.Chip.Suggestion.Elevated = 0x7f11036c
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/mtrl_high_ripple_pressed_alpha = 0x7f0702b7
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_navigation_bar_active_label_text_color = 0x7f0d006a
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/layout_optimizationLevel = 0x7f0402ae
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/colorPrimarySurface = 0x7f040119
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:string/lbl_anio_carro = 0x7f100039
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:anim/abc_tooltip_enter = 0x7f01000a
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_ref_palette_error80 = 0x7f060100
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:styleable/CollapsingToolbarLayout_Layout = 0x7f120023
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_badge_with_text_vertical_padding = 0x7f0700bb
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:drawable/abc_btn_radio_material = 0x7f080032
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_comp_radio_button_unselected_focus_state_layer_opacity = 0x7f070169
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/mtrl_calendar_text_input_frame = 0x7f09012f
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/icon = 0x7f040225
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/borderRoundPercent = 0x7f040075
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:animator/mtrl_extended_fab_change_size_collapse_motion_spec = 0x7f020019
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/iconifiedByDefault = 0x7f04022d
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/behavior_autoHide = 0x7f040067
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:layout/mtrl_picker_header_selection_text = 0x7f0c005f
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/iconSize = 0x7f040229
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.Material3.FloatingActionButton.Small.Secondary = 0x7f110389
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/actionButtonStyle = 0x7f04000d
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/barLength = 0x7f040063
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/maxNumber = 0x7f040307
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/bottom = 0x7f09005d
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/badgeWithTextWidth = 0x7f040062
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/actionBarPopupTheme = 0x7f040004
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:drawable/m3_selection_control_ripple = 0x7f0800a1
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:integer/m3_badge_max_number = 0x7f0a0009
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/onNegativeCross = 0x7f040357
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/cardCornerRadius = 0x7f04009b
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/badgeWithTextShapeAppearanceOverlay = 0x7f040061
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:anim/m3_motion_fade_enter = 0x7f010023
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/layout_constraintGuide_percent = 0x7f040284
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_filled_text_field_container_color = 0x7f0d004c
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_ref_palette_neutral0 = 0x7f060104
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/backgroundInsetTop = 0x7f04004c
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/motionPathRotate = 0x7f040341
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.MaterialAlertDialog.Picker.Date.Calendar = 0x7f1102d3
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/colorOnTertiaryContainer = 0x7f04010e
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/behavior_draggable = 0x7f040069
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/tintMode = 0x7f040483
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/material_clock_size = 0x7f070229
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:anim/m3_motion_fade_exit = 0x7f010024
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/design_bottom_navigation_item_max_width = 0x7f070065
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Base.Widget.MaterialComponents.Slider = 0x7f11011a
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/badgeVerticalPadding = 0x7f04005b
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/abc_dialog_min_width_major = 0x7f070022
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/menuGravity = 0x7f04030d
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_time_picker_period_selector_unselected_pressed_state_layer_color = 0x7f0d015e
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/badgeTextColor = 0x7f04005a
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/abc_text_size_title_material_toolbar = 0x7f070050
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/material_on_primary_emphasis_high_type = 0x7f060271
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/showPaths = 0x7f0403c2
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/design_navigation_icon_size = 0x7f070077
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/design_bottom_navigation_height = 0x7f070063
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/paddingStartSystemWindowInsets = 0x7f040364
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/materialCalendarHeaderConfirmButton = 0x7f0402de
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/badgeShapeAppearanceOverlay = 0x7f040056
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.Material3.Tooltip = 0x7f1103dd
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/mtrl_calendar_selection_text_baseline_to_bottom_fullscreen = 0x7f07028b
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral_variant80 = 0x7f0600c7
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/month_navigation_bar = 0x7f090122
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/customStringValue = 0x7f04016b
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/dropdownListPreferredItemHeight = 0x7f040196
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:drawable/abc_btn_borderless_material = 0x7f08002b
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/badgeGravity = 0x7f040052
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/material_personalized_color_background = 0x7f060279
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/thumbTint = 0x7f040477
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/headerLayout = 0x7f040211
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:anim/design_snackbar_out = 0x7f01001b
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/material_personalized_color_on_secondary_container = 0x7f060285
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:animator/m3_extended_fab_hide_motion_spec = 0x7f020012
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/mock_labelColor = 0x7f040317
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_comp_extended_fab_primary_focus_state_layer_opacity = 0x7f070110
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.SearchResult.Title = 0x7f11002a
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/cardElevation = 0x7f04009c
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/TextAppearance.Material3.BodyMedium = 0x7f1101e5
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Large.Inverse = 0x7f11019f
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/carousel_emptyViewsBehavior = 0x7f0400a4
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_comp_extended_fab_primary_pressed_container_elevation = 0x7f070114
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/chipStartPadding = 0x7f0400cd
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/backgroundInsetBottom = 0x7f040049
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:anim/btn_radio_to_off_mtrl_ring_outer_path_animation = 0x7f010014
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/roundPercent = 0x7f0403a0
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/contentPaddingBottom = 0x7f040141
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Base.Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.Dialog.FixedSize = 0x7f110075
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/spinnerDropDownItemStyle = 0x7f0403d6
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:animator/design_appbar_state_list_animator = 0x7f020000
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:anim/btn_radio_to_off_mtrl_dot_group_animation = 0x7f010012
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/actionModeFindDrawable = 0x7f040018
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/carousel_infinite = 0x7f0400a7
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/abc_action_bar_default_height_material = 0x7f070002
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/telltales_tailColor = 0x7f040427
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/autoAdjustToWithinGrandparentBounds = 0x7f04003c
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/attributeName = 0x7f04003b
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/autoSizeMaxTextSize = 0x7f040040
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.Button.IconButton = 0x7f110289
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:drawable/$mtrl_checkbox_button_checked_unchecked__2 = 0x7f08000f
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/materialTimePickerStyle = 0x7f0402fd
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/backgroundColor = 0x7f040048
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/shortcut = 0x7f09019c
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/tabIconTintMode = 0x7f04040d
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/tickRadiusActive = 0x7f04047f
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/dim_foreground_material_light = 0x7f06005b
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/appBarLayoutStyle = 0x7f040036
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/animateRelativeTo = 0x7f040034
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_comp_outlined_icon_button_unselected_outline_width = 0x7f070156
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/abc_action_bar_icon_vertical_padding_material = 0x7f070006
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/panelBackground = 0x7f040367
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/mtrl_calendar_day_today_stroke = 0x7f070273
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_sys_color_dark_surface_variant = 0x7f060178
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/font = 0x7f0401fb
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.EditText = 0x7f1100db
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/alphabeticModifiers = 0x7f04002f
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/exitUntilCollapsed = 0x7f0900b9
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/layout_constraintLeft_creator = 0x7f04028d
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/textInputFilledDenseStyle = 0x7f040459
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:animator/mtrl_extended_fab_state_list_animator = 0x7f02001d
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:anim/linear_indeterminate_line2_tail_interpolator = 0x7f010020
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/search_button = 0x7f09018f
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/defaultDuration = 0x7f040170
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/background = 0x7f040047
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.TimePicker.Display = 0x7f1102df
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/ripple_material_light = 0x7f0602fb
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/textAppearanceSubtitle2 = 0x7f04044c
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.Material3.CircularProgressIndicator.Small = 0x7f110371
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/textInputOutlinedDenseStyle = 0x7f04045d
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/drawPath = 0x7f040187
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Base.V21.Theme.AppCompat.Light.Dialog = 0x7f1100a4
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_secondary_navigation_tab_inactive_label_text_color = 0x7f0d0100
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/highlighted_text_material_light = 0x7f060061
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/animateCircleAngleTo = 0x7f040031
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_sys_color_on_secondary_fixed = 0x7f0601ef
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/enforceMaterialTheme = 0x7f0401aa
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/notification_media_narrow_margin = 0x7f07030c
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/shapeAppearanceCornerExtraSmall = 0x7f0403b2
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:anim/mtrl_bottom_sheet_slide_out = 0x7f01002a
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/itemHorizontalPadding = 0x7f040245
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/alertDialogButtonGroupStyle = 0x7f040029
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/material_grey_300 = 0x7f060263
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.AppCompat.ActionButton = 0x7f1102e9
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_comp_filled_button_with_icon_icon_size = 0x7f070124
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:layout/abc_list_menu_item_layout = 0x7f0c0010
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/actionTextColorAlpha = 0x7f040024
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_sys_color_dark_surface_container_highest = 0x7f060174
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/arcMode = 0x7f040038
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/actionOverflowMenuStyle = 0x7f040022
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/design_bottom_navigation_active_text_size = 0x7f070061
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/TextAppearance.M3.Sys.Typescale.HeadlineLarge = 0x7f1101d9
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/actionModeWebSearchDrawable = 0x7f040020
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/chipIconVisible = 0x7f0400c6
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:anim/linear_indeterminate_line1_tail_interpolator = 0x7f01001e
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/special_effects_controller_view_tag = 0x7f0901aa
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:animator/m3_btn_state_list_anim = 0x7f02000b
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_primary_navigation_tab_with_icon_active_icon_color = 0x7f0d00d2
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/actionModePopupWindowStyle = 0x7f04001a
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/neverCompleteToEnd = 0x7f090148
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/titleMarginEnd = 0x7f04048b
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/onTouchUp = 0x7f04035b
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/colorPrimaryFixedDim = 0x7f040117
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/expandActivityOverflowButtonDrawable = 0x7f0401b7
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_comp_navigation_bar_pressed_state_layer_opacity = 0x7f07013f
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/badgeStyle = 0x7f040057
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.Material3.MaterialTimePicker = 0x7f1103aa
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/mtrl_calendar_year_selector_frame = 0x7f090130
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/mtrl_calendar_navigation_bottom_padding = 0x7f070285
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/material_divider_thickness = 0x7f07022c
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/mtrl_exposed_dropdown_menu_popup_elevation = 0x7f07029d
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.AppCompat.Light.ActionBar.TabBar.Inverse = 0x7f110302
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/paddingBottomNoButtons = 0x7f04035e
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/endIconScaleType = 0x7f0401a7
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_primary_navigation_tab_with_label_text_active_label_text_color = 0x7f0d00d4
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/carousel_forwardTransition = 0x7f0400a6
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_ref_palette_tertiary10 = 0x7f060144
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/homeLayout = 0x7f040221
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/design_navigation_padding_bottom = 0x7f07007c
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:anim/btn_radio_to_on_mtrl_ring_outer_animation = 0x7f010016
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_ref_palette_error10 = 0x7f0600f8
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.DayNight.Dialog.Alert = 0x7f11024c
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/buttonBarButtonStyle = 0x7f04008a
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/month_grid = 0x7f090121
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:drawable/notification_template_icon_bg = 0x7f0800df
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/viewTransitionOnCross = 0x7f0404c0
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:drawable/$mtrl_switch_thumb_pressed_unchecked__0 = 0x7f080025
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/boxCornerRadiusTopEnd = 0x7f040083
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/circleRadius = 0x7f0400d2
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_fab_translation_z_pressed = 0x7f0701b2
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/abc_text_size_subhead_material = 0x7f07004d
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/tvMarca = 0x7f0901ee
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/tabMode = 0x7f040418
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/actionModePasteDrawable = 0x7f040019
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.MaterialCalendar = 0x7f1102d7
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.MaterialAlertDialog = 0x7f1102a7
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/design_default_color_primary = 0x7f060048
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.AppCompat.Light.SearchView = 0x7f110312
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/tabContentStart = 0x7f04040a
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.ExtendedFloatingActionButton.Icon = 0x7f11040f
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:anim/design_bottom_sheet_slide_in = 0x7f010018
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/SharedValue = 0x7f040000
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/fabCustomSize = 0x7f0401d1
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Menu = 0x7f110027
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/state_dragged = 0x7f0403eb
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_sys_color_light_surface_container_low = 0x7f0601e7
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:drawable/$m3_avd_hide_password__0 = 0x7f080007
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/prefixText = 0x7f040380
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/material_emphasis_medium = 0x7f070230
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:anim/abc_tooltip_exit = 0x7f01000b
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/mtrl_badge_text_horizontal_edge_offset = 0x7f070248
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/TextAppearance.M3.Sys.Typescale.LabelSmall = 0x7f1101de
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_search_view_header_leading_icon_color = 0x7f0d00f7
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_navigation_drawer_active_pressed_state_layer_color = 0x7f0d0086
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_sys_state_dragged_state_layer_opacity = 0x7f070214
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/material_filled_edittext_font_2_0_padding_top = 0x7f070234
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Base.Widget.MaterialComponents.PopupMenu = 0x7f110116
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/checkMarkTint = 0x7f0400b0
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_secondary_navigation_tab_container_color = 0x7f0d00fd
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/layout_constraintLeft_toLeftOf = 0x7f04028e
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/abc_search_url_text = 0x7f06000d
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/hintEnabled = 0x7f04021d
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/mtrl_switch_track_width = 0x7f0702f4
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/layout_constraintTop_toBottomOf = 0x7f040297
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_checkbox_button_icon_tint = 0x7f060070
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/TextAppearance.MaterialComponents.Headline1 = 0x7f1101fd
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Platform.ThemeOverlay.AppCompat.Dark = 0x7f11013d
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/material_emphasis_disabled_background = 0x7f07022e
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_navigation_rail_inactive_icon_color = 0x7f0d009f
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/floatingActionButtonSmallSecondaryStyle = 0x7f0401e1
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/legacy = 0x7f0900f4
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:drawable/mtrl_switch_thumb_pressed = 0x7f0800cc
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_switch_selected_focus_handle_color = 0x7f0d0121
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:animator/mtrl_extended_fab_hide_motion_spec = 0x7f02001b
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.Material3.CompoundButton.CheckBox = 0x7f110375
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_comp_date_picker_modal_header_container_height = 0x7f070106
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/dropDownListViewStyle = 0x7f040195
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:animator/m3_card_state_list_anim = 0x7f02000d
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:layout/support_simple_spinner_dropdown_item = 0x7f0c006f
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/tickColorActive = 0x7f04047a
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_appbar_size_compact = 0x7f0700a9
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/src_atop = 0x7f0901b1
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/abc_text_size_display_4_material = 0x7f070046
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/clearsTag = 0x7f0400d9
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:anim/abc_slide_out_top = 0x7f010009
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:layout/m3_alert_dialog = 0x7f0c0033
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/layout_constraintWidth_max = 0x7f04029e
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/actionMenuTextAppearance = 0x7f040010
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/cardViewStyle = 0x7f0400a1
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:string/mtrl_switch_thumb_path_pressed = 0x7f1000a4
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_search_bar_hover_supporting_text_color = 0x7f0d00e9
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/hideOnScroll = 0x7f04021b
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:anim/abc_popup_exit = 0x7f010004
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/motionEffect_alpha = 0x7f040337
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/actionDropDownStyle = 0x7f04000e
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/windowFixedHeightMajor = 0x7f0404cf
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:drawable/abc_ratingbar_indicator_material = 0x7f08005b
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:styleable/NavigationBarActiveIndicator = 0x7f120069
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_comp_fab_primary_hover_state_layer_opacity = 0x7f07011a
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/abc_secondary_text_material_dark = 0x7f060011
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/add = 0x7f090046
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Base.ThemeOverlay.AppCompat.ActionBar = 0x7f110079
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/quantizeMotionInterpolator = 0x7f040387
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_secondary90 = 0x7f0600e7
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_ref_palette_tertiary40 = 0x7f060148
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/materialSearchViewPrefixStyle = 0x7f0402f7
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:drawable/abc_textfield_activated_mtrl_alpha = 0x7f080072
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/colorTertiaryContainer = 0x7f04012c
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/chipIcon = 0x7f0400c2
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_hint_foreground = 0x7f06008f
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:macro/m3_comp_navigation_drawer_inactive_focus_state_layer_color = 0x7f0d008b
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/hideMotionSpec = 0x7f040218
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.AppCompat.Light.PopupMenu.Overflow = 0x7f110311
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/viewTransitionOnPositiveCross = 0x7f0404c2
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/mtrl_btn_elevation = 0x7f070257
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/minSeparation = 0x7f040311
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.TextInputEditText.OutlinedBox = 0x7f1102b8
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_ripple_default_alpha = 0x7f0701ce
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:animator/mtrl_extended_fab_show_motion_spec = 0x7f02001c
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.Material3.TextInputEditText.OutlinedBox.Dense = 0x7f1103d1
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/navigation_bar_item_active_indicator_view = 0x7f090140
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_ref_palette_tertiary100 = 0x7f060145
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/notification_big_circle_margin = 0x7f070307
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/actionModeCopyDrawable = 0x7f040016
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/hint_alpha_material_dark = 0x7f070096
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/drawerArrowStyle = 0x7f040191
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_comp_search_bar_container_height = 0x7f07016e
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/expandedHintEnabled = 0x7f0401b9
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/collapsedTitleGravity = 0x7f0400ea
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:layout/mtrl_calendar_month_navigation = 0x7f0c0053
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/extendedFloatingActionButtonPrimaryStyle = 0x7f0401c4
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:layout/design_layout_tab_icon = 0x7f0c0024
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_comp_sheet_bottom_docked_standard_container_elevation = 0x7f07017b
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_comp_navigation_bar_hover_state_layer_opacity = 0x7f07013d
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:styleable/ViewPager2 = 0x7f120095
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:anim/abc_slide_in_top = 0x7f010007
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:animator/m3_extended_fab_show_motion_spec = 0x7f020013
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:dimen/m3_searchbar_elevation = 0x7f0701d3
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.Material3.TextInputLayout.OutlinedBox = 0x7f1103d6
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/skipCollapsed = 0x7f0901a1
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:anim/abc_popup_enter = 0x7f010003
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/material_clock_period_am_button = 0x7f09010e
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:anim/m3_side_sheet_exit_to_right = 0x7f010028
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Widget.Material3.MaterialCalendar.HeaderToggleButton = 0x7f1103a0
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:anim/btn_checkbox_to_checked_box_outer_merged_animation = 0x7f01000d
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/wrap = 0x7f09020b
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/error_color_material_light = 0x7f06005d
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:id/asConfigured = 0x7f090051
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/materialIconButtonStyle = 0x7f0402f5
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.BottomNavigationView = 0x7f110285
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/helperText = 0x7f040213
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/Base.TextAppearance.Widget.AppCompat.Toolbar.Title = 0x7f11004a
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_dark_outline = 0x7f06018c
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/alertDialogStyle = 0x7f04002b
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:animator/design_fab_hide_motion_spec = 0x7f020001
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:anim/design_snackbar_in = 0x7f01001a
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/dayTodayStyle = 0x7f04016f
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:style/ShapeAppearance.M3.Comp.NavigationRail.ActiveIndicator.Shape = 0x7f11015d
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/m3_sys_color_light_on_error = 0x7f0601d2
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:color/material_dynamic_color_light_on_error = 0x7f06021f
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/layout_constrainedWidth = 0x7f040274
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/buttonIconDimen = 0x7f040092
pe.cibertec.dami.recyclerapplication:attr/motionDurationLong1 = 0x7f04031f
